# **AC Meeting 2019-12-02**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/59](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/59)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@elibud][elibud]

## **Attendees:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][elibud])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

## **Excused:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   We started the call with a quick intro from Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi]). 
*   Quick update on who’s continuing to serve on the AMP AC in 2020, and a nudge to start thinking about whether we want to open more seats for election.
*   AMP AC focus for 2020 as a result of the previously conducted survey:
    *   What can we extract from AMP and get the whole Web platform to benefit from by implementing in browsers?
    *   Display the publisher's URL in the address bar, not Google's.
    *   Making AMP really accessible.
    *   Runner up but with consensus on its importance: Privacy implications of the current AMP implementation.
*   There’s agreement that the group is passionate about the top three focuses for 2020, and there’s already been some progress in some of them.
*   Our role is to bring attention to some of the issues and sometimes drive conversations, and flag problems to the AMP TSC.
*   Re accessibility: process + audit. Solution is to audit, improve, etc.
*   How do we measure success as a group? 
    *   In terms of what’s been delivered?
    *   In terms of how many projects have we advised on and how successful they were?
    *   Follow up: We need to have a clearer process to see what we do, and track it, and have visibility on progress.
    *   Do we want to drive the agenda or do we want to sit in a more advisory role?
    *   Driving the agenda gives us more impact, but it’s also much work. We don’t have actual decision making power so we need to operate by influence.
    *   Should our focus be helping on the prioritization of issues?
        *   The working group plans quarterly.
        *   Make sure the roadmap is public while it’s still being decided.
        *   Give our input on priorities.
        *   Ideally help shape the roadmap.
*   Roaster for the TSC: Sumo will do it. It involves:
    *   Make sure that TSC meetings are staffed between at least one AC member.
    *   Help build the relationship between the TSC and the AC.
    *   Bring relevant topics back to the AC.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
