# AC Meeting #6 2019-07-01

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/40](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/40)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@elibud][elibud]

**Attendees:**

- Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
- Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
- Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
- Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
- Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
- Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
- Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

**Guests:**

- Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar][nainar])
- Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])

**Excused:**

- Dane Knecht ([@dknecht][dknecht])
- David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
- Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
- Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
- Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
- Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# Minutes

## Updates

- Levi will represent the AMP AC at the IAB meeting in Florida. Sumo will be there too.

- The blog post about extending membership is delayed for a bit, but Levi and Tobie will meet tomorrow to get that ready to publish.

- Tobie will publish the last meeting minutes after this call.

## Accessibility discussion

We welcome Ali and Naina, and introduce Léonie our resident accessibility expert.

Ali was the lead for the AMP UI team, he's no longer at Google so his involvement with the AMP project id dwining down a bit. He is not representing Google in this call. He has been involved in the AMP project for three years. He's well versed in accessibility best practices.

Naina is Product Manager for the UI Working Group. Have in the past worked as a Software Engineer on the Chrome team on the Rendering Engine. Have also served on the CSS WG and Houdini Task Force.

Léonie became involved with the AMP AC because of her interest in accessibility.

Tobie: from the AC perspective we want to figure out AMP accessibility gaps today, and we want to figure out what can we do in terms of processes to make sure that concerns like security, accessibility, and privacy are built into AMP development.

Ali: Notes about what we've been doing in the past. Concerns about AMP is not accessible blog post, that post felt like accessibility was being used to attack AMP indirectly. What has been done so far: the team relies on two things to make things accessible… they know that most of AMP users are using mobile screen readers. They don't rely on a tool but test things with voice over? They have one day a week dedicated to accessibility for the team: training, awareness, logging bugs. New components go through an internal audit for accessibility.

Tobie: making the audit more public would help to build trust.

Léonie: is there an open issue tracker where people can file accessibility issues.

Ali: Yes, it's open on the GitHub project, 17 open accessibility issues and 70 that have been fixed. They can be tracked with a different label and higher priority.

Léonie: I suggest the results of the audits are filed there too for more transparency.

Naina: how much of the process of creating a new component should be kept in the open? Should we have key points in a master issue, including a section for accessibility? Or should we be translating all details from requirements to launch?

Tobie: Everything that can be open should be open.

Eli: I agree. Issue with Gutenberg (WordPress) last year. Huge backlash around accessibility. What really helped was moving this in the open.

Léonie: Transparency will take away the feeling that people have that nothing is being done around accessibility.

Tobie: Apologies for the tone in the minutes and that particular blog post, on behalf of the AC. We want to build a strong communication channel, civil and being nice to one another.

Ali: Can the AC help the community understand that the folks in the AMP core team really care about user experience and accessibility? How can we try to help the community trust the AMP core team? 

Tobie: Trust through transparency is going to be the more effective path here. We can't ask for trust from people we are not connected to at all.

Léonie: We can help by pointing people to the GitHub issue tracker, can you share your experience in blog posts? Do you have a list of components that have been tested for accessibility compliance? 

Naina: One of our engineers wrote a blog post about his works on animations and accessibility as an individual. She was going to post another one but it could come off as a retaliation to the other post.

Léonie: As design systems are more popular the expectations of users increase, in particular accessibility guidance in the documentation.

Ali: That's the biggest piece we are missing, every component has documentation, but it's missing an accessibility section.

Eli: is there anything automated that could be setup at the PR level? E.g. accessibility labels

Léonie: such tools exist. They only cover 30%, but should be very useful at AMP level. CI/Unit testing.

Senthil: tools do only basic level of tests. Requires human intervention.

Léonie: not the whole story, but step in the right direction

Eli: additional benefit, brings accessibility in the dev process. Brings it upfront.

Léonie: that can be added to process, then.

Ali: The carrousel component is one that the team spent a long time working to make accessible. It's true that the documentation is lacking, but a lot of work went in making it best in class. For example in making the Next and Previous button clickable through screen readers even when invisible. We should've written about this, because it was super painful to implement.

Naina: On processes currently a lof of the audit happens internally. We are thinking about how to put that information out there, into GitHub issues, and also point out to the larger resources. We should be doing a more product driven blog post, do more outreach, technical writing, include accessibility into our reference documentation, larger guide about how to do accessibility in AMP. Add a sign off on accessibility in the same way there's one for design.

Tobie: Reiterates how sorry we are about the relationship having started with the wrong foot. We want to help get your story across better, answer questions, help push things in the public. We want to help make AMP an overall better project. We really don't want to be bashing on folks. We could meet at the upcoming summit with Naina's working group, some members of the AC, and some people from the community.

Ali:  External audit group? Recommendations?

Eli: We can find out who did this for Gutemberg. Happy to put you in contact with Gutemberg leads too. Have a community of people that actually need accessibility be in touch with us.

Naina: The blog post affected team morale, being in this call has been much better. We need to be careful about how we talk about these things in public.

### Next steps:

- Update from [@naimar][naimar]
- [@ampproject/ac][ampproject/ac] <> [@ampproject/wg-ui-and-a11y][ampproject/wg-ui-and-a11y] meeting at AMP Contributor Summit

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[dknecht]: https://github.com/dknecht
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[naimar]: https://github.com/naimar
[ampproject/ac]: https://github.com/orgs/ampproject/teams/ac
[ampproject/wg-ui-and-a11y]: https://github.com/orgs/ampproject/teams/wg-ui-and-a11y