# **AC Meeting #11 2019-09-23**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/53](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/53)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Attendees:**

*   Charles Vazac - [@cvazac][cvazac]
*   Elisa Budelli - [@elibud][elibud]
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza - [@mobtec][mobtec]
*   Jervay Singh - [@jervay][jervay]
*   Joe Alicata - [@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe]
*   Levi Durfee - [@levidurfee][levidurfee]
*   Maggie Wettergreen - [@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen]
*   Melanie Sumner - [@melsumner][melsumner]
*   Melissa DePuydt - [@msteffan][msteffan]
*   Pablo Delgado - [@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez]
*   Senthil Padmanabhan - [@senthilp][senthilp]
*   Sumantro Das - [@sumodas][sumodas]
*   Ted Shuter - [@TedShuter][TedShuter]
*   Tobie Langel - [@tobie][tobie]

## **Excused:**

*   David Merrell - [@dymerrell][dymerrell]
*   Graham Loh - [@grahamle][grahamle]
*   Ali Ghassemi - [@aghassemi][aghassemi]
*   Terence Eden - [@edent][edent]
*   Tim Jones - [@tones][tones]
*   Kenji Baheux - [@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux]
*   Léonie Watson - [@LJWatson][LJWatson]

# **Minutes**

1. Completed rounds of introductions with new and existing members
2. Current meeting time (1-2p ET) for folks agreed to be OK for most people barring Kenji (based in Japan).  
3. AMP AC Face2Face Agenda:
    1. TSC <> AC : Levi (present in prior meeting): everyone excited to meet
    2. July 2019 Internet Architecture Board (IAB) workshop web packaging recap
        1. Is there data to suggest a use case for web packaging?
        2. Will moving to a foundation help solve for challenges faced by AMP?
    3. Instant Navigation
        3. Senthil - if one preloads top 5 pages 
        4. Charles: privacy is the key point of contention
        5. Tobie: AMP runtime - allows to prefetch in a privacy-friendly way
4. Tobie: Any other items?
    4. Sumo: should this group have a focus on the IAB workshop?
    5. Charles: the group can consider having a response
    6. Melissa: could have a point of view and bring up at the next IAB summit in November - WP is a solution for a problem that may not have a fully explored use cases.
5. AMP Conf
    7. ~7 people attending AMP Conference F2F
    8. Melanie and Leonie won’t be present, group will hold off accessibility unless someone else articulates position 
    9. Topics to consider for AMP AC
        6. Sumo: AMP users cases for e-commerce
        7. Tobie: What do folks want at AMP and want to accomplish here?  We can do this as a roundtable and add this to the F2F meeting agenda
        8. Charles and Eli: A-sync brainstorm will work well
            1. Eli: Can details be sent via email?
        9. Potential Dinner on 10/8 (looking for company sponsors if possible) - Eli might be busy but others keen.


[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[jervay]: https://github.com/jervay
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[grahamle]: https://github.com/grahamle
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
