## AC Meeting #7 2019-07-29

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/41](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/41)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe]

**Attendees:**

- Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
- Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
- Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
- Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
- Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
- Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
- Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

**Excused:**

- Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
- Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
- Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])
- Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
- Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
- Dane Knecht ([@dknecht][dknecht])

## Minutes

- Blog post update
  - Tobie will complete tomorrow
- TSC meetings
  - Next one is Wed this week and Charlie will be on
- Contributor summit in NYC Oct 8-10
  - Reminder to register; should be in your inbox
  - Reach out to Tobie if you need travel support
  - **F2F AC meeting proposed for Tuesday Oct 8**
    -Tobie to check on room avail etc.
- IAB workshop discussion
  - Levi: Primary focus on Web Pack and NOT signed exchanges
    - More data needed on why web pack? E.g. simple offline examples
    - Expiration of articles (incorrect info despite update)
    - UX won't be as rich because of shared caches between all users
    - What are the incentivises for devs to use WP?
    - Problem: extra cost of creating WP. If WP is essential (e.g. to get into Google carousel), it risks making the rich richer, the poor poorer.
    - Privacy policies? Whose applies? The cacher owner's or the author of the content?
    - Issues with analytics -> people not being connected therefore no analytics
    - Issues w/ authoritative source identification in offline mode with publishers as the aggregator
  - What did the group makeup look like? How long? Action Items?
    - 25 people from many different companies
    - Levi: Unfaily felt like group was against AMP
    - Group wanted Google on record but due to Chatham house rules that wasn't possible
    - Action items
      - Report coming this week; use cases and goals of WP
      - Lots of other uses for WP, let's articulate those
    - CDNs already have this concept on the edge (Cloudflare)
  - ½ the group was skeptical about the motivations of AMP and it's not clearly understood that AMP is moving to a foundation outside of Google.
  - Ecommerce or other vertical discussions? NO
  - Tobie (channeling common question): Is WP and Signed exchanges a good thing?
    - Charlie: this is all driven by competition around pre-rendering and performance
    - Tobie: Do we have real data around the value and tradeoffs? When is the tradeoff worth it?
  - Levi: Primary workshop takeaway: We need to look into the value more.
  - Levi to send the IAB report from workshop to the email distro.
  - Tobie: What next steps should WE as the AC take from this?
    - Charlie - Let's hold until we see the report and determine how to respond and what our position is..
    - Group agrees on ^ action item.
- Charlie: When and how do we suggest new members?
  - Tobie: We'll do that through the form from the blog post - Tobie to add extra input for referer.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[dknecht]: https://github.com/dknecht

