# AC Meeting #4 2019-06-03

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/36](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/36)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@sumodas][sumodas]

**Attendees:**

- Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
- Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
- Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
- Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
- Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])
- Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
- Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
- Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
- Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])

**Excused:**

- Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
- Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
- Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])

# Minutes

## Membership

- Kenji Baheux ( [@KenjiBaheux][KenjiBaheux]) announced as newest AMP-AC member.
- Now, how do we handle scheduling? Same timezone issue for Graham.
- Talk of extending AMP membership to reflect geographically homogenous distribution (especially Asia and Oceania).
- [@cvazac][cvazac] got approval from his new employee to continue joining the AC. Will not be there on behalf of his employer.
- [@tobie][tobie] reminds the group that if anyone changes employer the seat is pegged to the individual and NOT the employer (contrary to the TSC).

## Discuss process for electing new members

-  Last time we discussed having a &quot;sponsor&quot;/champion for each candidate.
-  Perhaps bring in new members (3, 5 or 7?) as part of a &quot;batch&quot; process.
-  What should be the schedule?
-  [@sumodas][sumodas], [@cvazac][cvazac] and [@tobie][tobie] have nominations in mind.
-  [@senthilp][senthilp]: is the idea of admitting new AC-members to expand on representation currently not reflected in the body?
  - [@tobie][tobie]: yes - the body is too US-skewed and not enough representation from the end user.  Gaps range from geography, technical, usability.
-  [@sumodas][sumodas]: someone from an agency side might be of value because he/she will have visibility across a multitude of industries and not just one organization.
- **Decision date:** looking to be around mid-august based on 6-week before F2F as a minimum lead-up.
-  [@sumodas][sumodas]: Should we approach this by opening application via blog post?
  - Possibly give 30 days to apply followed by review and notifications.
-  [@cvazac][cvazac]: where do we want to end up as a group size?
  - There are 10 now, 20 might be too many.
  - [@tobie][tobie]: There are 16 right now, 9 usually join a call.
  - Increasing to 20 means adding 4, realistically adding 1-2 per call.
-  [@sumodas][sumodas]: if we are trying to be geographically diverse and the time zone doesn't work then the new admissions may not be able to attend the call.
-  [@edent][edent]: do we need to look to expand beyond 20?

### Summary:

- Blog announcement + reaching out to individuals
- Goal is to increase diversity of constituencies but need to set a min tech bar.
- [@levidurfee][levidurfee] and [@cvazac][cvazac] to co-author blog post for blog.amp.dev, share with AC for approval by next meeting.
- [@tobie][tobie] to create a form (clone and modify the original application form).
- Target release date is to open by 27 June (earlier preferred).
- Then 30 days for candidates to manifest their interest.
- Then AC makes a decision ASAP so candidates can join the AMP Contributor Summit F2F.

## Scheduling calls

-  [@tobie][tobie]: we might need to have 2 different calls and we might need to split up OR work asynchronously more (something we're not very good at right now because it's not tech work) - there's no good answer to this question.
-  Need to account for time zone differences (which might require the group to split and have some folks overlap)
-  The expectation should not be to have someone up at midnight to take calls.
-  Does it make sense to have 8/9 folks in NA/SA/Europe/West Africa time zone and a separate call for Europe/Asia/Aus/East Africa and have some folks sit on both calls i.e. [@tobie][tobie] as an organizer.
-  [@elibud][elibud] indicates this is what they do at Automattic. Works well.
- **Consensus to organize parallel meeting tracks for the two timezone groups with EU overlap.**

## IAB Workshop

- Related issue ([#37](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/37))
- Updates:
  - Mark Nottingham chairs the committee.
  - Date for submission has been moved to Friday June.
  - There's an outside chance that the July meeting might be moved due to lack of submitted papers.
- [@sumodas][sumodas] to write a position paper to join.
  - [@sumodas][sumodas] offered to represent himself, 1800Flowers or AMP-AC capacity and also provide separate papers if necessary.
  - One paper can be around domain ownership impacting payments i.e. Apple Pay which requires domain verification.
- [@levidurfee][levidurfee] still interested in joining and will write a paper to join.
- [@senthilp][senthilp]: Signed exchanges is a solution to fix AMP URL issues, correct?
- [@tobie][tobie]: not only
- [@senthilp][senthilp]: the URL is getting &quot;hijacked&quot; in the current UX, SXG is a solve to fix this, perhaps there will be other use cases down the road?
  - Hosting content on other CDNs is an issue already solved with existing e-commerce setups, it's not clear what SXG is solving for.
- What should be the group's position on AMP?
  - [@tobie][tobie]: some folks don't care, some are passionate, some dislike it.
  - [@cvazac][cvazac]: perhaps defining our position asserts our purpose as the AC.
  - [@tobie][tobie]: based on who's chairing the workshop, AMP-AC folks will not be the skeptics.
  - [@levidurfee][levidurfee]: a consensus group is not necessary.
  - [@cvazac][cvazac]: most folks might agree on some points.
  - [@tobie][tobie]: We don't want to risk going down a rabbit hole of specific use cases.  We should focus on a straightforward way where the position paper is more general - something non committal that speaks to our relevance to be part of the conversation.
  - [@levidurfee][levidurfee] to write something up within a couple of days.
- Note, reimbursement for travel expenses will be done by Google temporarily as we migrate to a foundation.

## AMP Contributor Summit F2F

-  [AMP contributor summit save the date](https://blog.amp.dev/2019/06/03/save-the-date-amp-contributor-summit-2019/)
-  save the date is committed October 8-10 in NYC.
-  First day is introductory for new users learning to contribute to AMP (e.g. learning to use Git) followed by one day of tech talks about specific project parts and finally an unconference day.
-  [@tobie][tobie]: we should organize F2F around this.
  - Should we do 2 days similar to London
  - Should we do Monday/Friday or should we overlap with AMP Contributor Summit.
-  Should we hold the meeting in the same place or somewhere else?
-  [@tones][tones] and [@sumodas][sumodas] offered NYT and 1800Flowers offices to host the AC.
-  [@tobie][tobie]: There's also the question of hosting the actual summit, 100 people plus breakout sessions, reach out privately to [@tobie][tobie] if anyone has suggestions.
-  Preference is to have AC meeting NOT at the Google office in an effort to gravitate towards an independent, foundation-like setup.
-  [@cvazac][cvazac]: agrees with [@tobie][tobie].
-  Do we need 1 or 2 days?
  - [@cvazac][cvazac]: Would it make people more or less likely to come if it's 1 or 2 days?
  - The duration of the meeting might influence how many people attend.
  - [@senthilp][senthilp]: how did the London format work?
  - [@edent][edent]: won't be able to make NY but if there's a strict agenda 1-day should work.
  - Taking two days might be too much - alternatively do two ½ days.
- **Group agreed to 1 dedicated day F2F and external meetings on another day.**

## AC <> TSC

- Related issue is [#7](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/7)
- Roster: [@sumodas][sumodas] to sync up with [@tobie][tobie] after call.

## Other

- [@sumodas][sumodas]: perhaps it might be helpful to take inventory of 1-2 points people would like to focus on so we can advise where the product needs to go.
- [@tobie][tobie]: Some of this already exists in Github, see [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/1](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/1)
- Focus after F2F is on outcomes of F2F.
- First: accessibility, but we'll need to have [@LJWatson][LJWatson] on the call to further expand on this.
- We need to get more concrete about our deliverables.

# Action items

* [@tobie][tobie] to start a conversation about project board with different topics.
* [@tobie][tobie] to link to newsworthy topics we didn't have the time to discuss
* [@levidurfee][levidurfee] and [@cvazac][cvazac] to co-author application blog post
* [@sumodas][sumodas] to sync up with [@tobie][tobie] on design and TSC/AC roster

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[KenjiBaheux]: https://github.com/KenjiBaheux
