AC Meeting #2 2019-03-05
========================

**Agenda:** https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/20

**Facilitator:** @tobie

## Attendees:

* @tobie
* @edent
* @levidurfee
* @cvazac
* @senthilp
* @wirelessjoe
* @elibud
* @pdelgadorodriguez
* @sumodas
* @dymerrell

## Excused:

* @LJWatson
* @tones
* @dknecht
* @gui-poa

# Minutes

## Use GDocs for meeting notes

@all - let's use the best tool for the job.

@tobie - will continue moving the notes to GitHub.


## Follow-up actions to previous meeting

See [#12](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/12).

### Horizontal reviews ([#5](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/5))

Owners: @levidurfee, @sumodas

### [AC Focus](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/1) project update

Owner: @tobie

## Better meeting time
@tobie - Current meeting time doesn't work for everyone. Should we consider finding a time that works for the active participants? Does it make sense to rotate the time?

@erden - Meeting rotation time works for w3c groups.

@cvazac - we should see if we can narrow time, before we decide to rotate meeting

@tobie - do we want to invite guests?

@cvazac - guests should be on-demand

@concensus - let's find a time that works for most

@x - anniversary of google initiative, same days as our f2f, but in mt. view, ca

@wirelessjoe - the event is less technically focused...

@tobie - overlap is inevitable, scheduling is going to be really tough between west coast, usa and asia (when that's important)

@wirelessjoe - recommendation is leave time as is

@tobie - we need Asian representation, we are too N. American focused, we need more backgrounds/countries, let's start thread on mailing list

## F2F update (@cvazac)
@cvazac - i'm staying at:
Thistle Piccadilly
Coventry Street, London, England W1D 6BZ

Recommends piccadilly thistle hotel london.

Will need dietary presciption.

@tobie - we have to go thru Google's travel agent, it's complicated, this will be easier when we move to foundation, looking for responses for those AC members needing $ assistance for travel (non-corporate backed members)

**AI - @cvazac to find out**
- [ ] NDA required?
- [ ] deadline for catering order?
- [ ] who is paying for this delicious food?
- [ ] conference room is video capable?

@tobie - social activity for first night in London, let's drink warm beer in the pub, suggestion: open up social hour to non-AC members, before we go out to dinner together

@all - agree!

## Discuss proposed resolution to TSC <> AC liaison

See [#7](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/7).

@tobie - it was suggested that we rotate a rep to attend the biweekly TSC meetings (ours are every month). suggestion: two AC members go to both meetings in a given month. 

**AI @sumantro to organize:**

- [ ] a schedule of AC's representation at TSC meetings
- [ ] a schedule of AC's representation at [Design Reviews](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+%22design+review%22)

@tobie - rotating design review schedule, fairly technical

@cvazac: design reviews are fairly technical, fairly well documented.

## Next meeting

**AI:**

- [ ] @tobie to organize first post-f2f meeting

See ya in London!
