AC Meeting #3 2019-05-20
========================

**Agenda:** https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/26

**Facilitator:** [@tobie][tobie]

**Scribe:** [@tones][tones]

## Attendees:

- Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
- Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
- Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
- Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
- Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
- Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
- Tim Jones  ([@tones][tones])
- Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

## Excused:

- Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
- Dane Knecht ([@dknecht][dknecht])
- Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
- Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])

# Minutes

## Update from recent F2F meeting in London

- [Minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/meetings/2019-03-f2f.md) are published.
- About half of the meeting was AMP Letter signatories — so fairly critical of AMP as a whole
- Note [Terrence's blog post](https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2019/05/a-report-from-the-amp-advisory-committee-meeting/)
- Tobie's main takeaway: There are a lot of aspects of AMP we don't have shared clarity on.
- Charles' takeaways:
  1. We want more user research, esp on AMP for email
  2. Accessibility. We want to know accessible components exist out of the box.
  3. Privacy / security. I think we should do an audit, esp of AMP JS and AMP analytics. "What do these leak about the user?"
- Next meeting probably in NYC, date TBD


## Update on Charles's status

Charles has left Akamai and no longer represent Akamai in the AMP-AC. Hopes to continue being part of the AMP-AC, pending approval from new employer.


## F2F Followup meetings

- We hoped to have Accessibility working group join us today, but Léonie couldn't make it. It didn't make sense to have the meeting without her as she's clearly the team's expert on the topic.
- Also: Web packaging, and AMP For Email
- Suggestion: Increase our AC meeting frequency to once every two weeks in order to accommodate these meetings with other teams? The room approves.


## IAB Workshop

- Details: [Exploring Synergy between Content Aggregation and the Publisher Ecosystem Workshop 2019](https://www.iab.org/activities/workshops/escape-workshop/)
- Tobie: Should AC be represented? In order to do so we would need to write a paper. But we do not seem to have a strict position yet, other than trying to understand what's going on.
- Sumantro: Agree, we should be observers.
- **AI(@tobie): reach out to IAB and ask how many people we can send without writing a paper.**


## How should the AC distribute its "opinions"?

- See[ #33][issue_33]
- Tobie: Bringing your attention to this topic.


## Coordination with TSC

- [Github notes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/7#issuecomment-473649957)
- Sumantro to publish the roster soon

## Define AC membership an election in workmode

- see[ #29][issue_29]
- Tobie: How do we define a member of the AC? How do people leave? How do we elect new members?
- See the PR linked above for Tobie's proposal: Membership lasts a year. Membership renewed each year. Resignation any time. Elect/approve new members by consensus. Duty to ensure diversity.
- Sumantro: Is it transparent enough? Maybe emphasize that anyone can apply to join anytime?
- **AI(@tobie): Draft an application process**
- Decided: We'll merge this PR now and make this our process. (Unless someone who is not here disagrees within a reasonable timeframe.)

## New member

- Tobie: Nicole Sullivan was supposed to represent the Chrome Team in the AC, but now has resigned. Looking for someone new to represent Google's pov from a browser perspective, specifying, however, that there is nothing that requires the AC to replace a leaving member by someone working for the same company. Has a proposed new member in mind.
- Next steps? General agreement: Let's discuss but not confirm until we can include some people who have been unable to join this call.

- Tobie proposing as a new member: Kenji Baheux. Product manager for Chrome on web packaging and portals. Based in Japan.
- Charles: I know Kenji. Conversations will go much better with someone from Google present. Also there aren't many people who understand all aspects of web packaging and AMP. Would have been great to have him present in London. He cares a lot about AMP.
- Sumantro: Agree. Have worked with him, and I think he'd be an asset.
- Guilherme: I support this.
- _Decision: there's consensus among the present members to elect Kenji Baheux. The election will only be formalized and made public once AC members which weren't present had a chance to object to it. [UPDATE 2019-05-28: There were no formal objections. Kenji Baheux is elected as AC member.]_

- Tobie: Note that there are a few people who talked at AMPConf who I think would be good members. They represent very different views than the ones we have.
- Others have ideas for members too. How should we handle this?
- Sumantro: I think every advocate should have a sponsor. So we can have a spot on a future agenda where people propose and discuss and consense.
- Charles: I'd like to know why they care about AMP.
- AI(@tobie): add presentation of candidates by their sponsor to next meeting's agenda.
- Tobie: thoughts about diversity?
- Eli: Let's reach out to diverse candidates and communities.


[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[dknecht]: https://github.com/dknecht
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[issue_33]: https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/33
[issue_29]: https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/29
