# **AC Meeting 2019-12-16**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/65](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/65)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: 


## **Attendees:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

Guests:

*   Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar][nainar])
*   Caroline Liu ([@caroqliu][caroqliu])

## **Excused:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

## Intro

Caroline:

As a framework, AMP is in a great position to drive accessibility and isn’t taking enough advantage of it.

Problems so far:



1. Don’t know how we’re doing -> make inventory
2. A more unified and consistent strategy across components
3. No accessibility experts actually contributing to the framework right now.

Are these the right problems?

How opinionated can we be?

How opinionated are other Web frameworks?

Aggressively opinionated could mean blocking validation for example.

Léonie: def should be included in the validator as far as can reasonably be done. (Not everything can be properly validated).

Maggie: what if Google doesn’t enforce the validation on their product?

Tobie: can’t expect to control product decisions, but seemed likely this would be adopted given it is driven by Google.

Naina: we’re all follow standards in the AMP4Email WG.


## 1. Accessibility Inventory:

Various different proposals

*   Audits
    *   Testing pages in the wild
    *   Léonie suggests getting the components tested in isolation as a first step
    *   +1 from Maggie
*   In parallel: automated accessibility testing
    *   Great step forward
    *   Adding documentation as to how to test this
*   Update to process I2I / I2S from Naina
    *   About to ship
    *   Describes manual testing
    *   Audit for larger components either by the Google Accessibility Team or an external vendor

Documentation:

*   Both for contributors and implementers
*   WG is working with tech writers right now
*   Current work:
    *   working with Krystal for a blog post
    *   Section on accessibility story of component, what’s baked in, what needs to be implemented to reach different Accessibility compliance levels.


## 2. A more unified and consistent strategy across components

*   Documentation (see above)
*   Validation
    *   Eli: only way to have consistency
    *   Lightens the role of the accessibility team
    *   Maggie: +1
    *   Melanie: “shiftleft” move accessibility on to the designer + dev workflow => creates more accessibility conversations. Seeing benefits there.
    *   Léonie huge +1
        *   Secondary benefit is that this sends a strong message
    *   Ali: +1 but careful about backwards compat
    *   Melanie: good case for version bumping
    *   Eli: mindset shift requested
    *   Léonie: takes well known entities actually taking a lead
    *   Caroline: it’s true that this would break existing pages
    *   
*   Accessibility menu on website that user can interact with (to style the website). Should AMP provide this as a component?
    *   Maggie fine if user driven
*   Eli: Automation/linting during PR creation would be great.
*   Senthil: be careful not to have users assume the framework does everything (especially around validation)


## 3. No accessibility experts actually contributing to the framework right now

Various approaches

*   Document review process and new feature launch 
*   Train members of the UI WG on accessibility
*   Do quarterly accessibility sprints
*   Hypothetical approach: hire an accessibility engineer
    *   Eli: we’d benefit from a dedicated team member but don’t have one
    *   Trying to get an audit process going on regularly
    *   Melanie: Accessibility Champions program at LinkedIn, helps spread the workload
    *   Tobie: I like the sprints idea
    *   Eli: let’s have accessibility month -> group effort
    *   Senthil: at EBay we have Mind Patterns ([https://ebay.github.io/mindpatterns/](https://ebay.github.io/mindpatterns/))
    *   Accessibility should be everyone’s problem not only dedicated engineers


## Closing comments

Ali: What is the main problem (spectrum: is the problem non-accessible components or non-accessible pages).

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[caroqliu]: https://github.com/caroqliu
