# **AC Meeting #14 2019-11-04**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/58](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/58)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: 


## **Attendees:**

*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])


## **Excused:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Facilitator for meeting in two week 11.18
    *   Canceled ✅
*   Tracking issues (org-level projects)
    *   Project board for facilitating conversations, collaboration, and tracking communications exposing AC working group
    *   AI : Tobie to setup project board
*   TSC liaison organizer needed - 2 members of the AC aligned to each TSC meeting
    *   AI; Sumo to find a replacement for himself in planning the schedule
    *   AI: @tobie to ask TSC to be organized in planning regular scheduled meetings
    *   AI: AC to provide clear commitment of people 
*   Foundation Onboarding 
    *   [https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/350](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/350)
    *   [https://github.com/orgs/ampproject/projects/4](https://github.com/orgs/ampproject/projects/4)
    *   [ampproject/meta-tsc#25](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-tsc/issues/25)
    *   [https://github.com/ampproject/meta/issues/45](https://github.com/ampproject/meta/issues/45)
    *   AC/AI: Raise opinions w/ Tobie ASAP on DCO v’ CLA
    *   AI: @Tobie to open a GH issue on the topic to determine expertise and/or interest of full AC
    *   
*   [#55](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/55) - Making sure AMP supports CCPA
    *   AI: wrt working in the open, file an issue on AC repo, comment to come to a consensus, then file an issue with TSC to crosslink and create the formal request
    *   AI: Open issue to add this process to our working mode doc
*   EOY elections
    *   AI: @Tobie emails all current members to determine if they would like to continue in membership next year. Complete by EOY. Results will determine if we need an election. (as a result of not having a definition of members of good standing we’ll extend to all current members) 
        *   If no response to 2 emails members will be determined to be declining extending membership
            *   1st email will be via mailing list
            *   2nd will be direct to non-responders
        *   Elections will be determined if they are needed at the first meeting of 2020
*   [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/1](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/1) (AC focus)
    *   AI: Tobie to give access to new group members
    *   AI: Melanie to update voting method in the spreadsheet and email mailing list
    *   Voting will take place via the spreadsheet

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner