# AC Meeting #5 2019-06-17

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/27](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/27)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@levidurfee][levidurfee]

**Attendees:**

- Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
- Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
- Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
- Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
- Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
- Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
- Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])

**Excused:**

- Dane Knecht ([@dknecht][dknecht])
- Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])
- Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
- LÃ©onie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
- Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])

# Minutes

## Agenda Topics

Tobie asking for input from others on the agenda topics.

## Membership

[@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe] joined Wizeline to become the CEO of Stello (conversational UI). Would like to continue being a member of the AC for now, TBD long term.

## Roster

### Design meetings

Someone responsible each quarter to keep an eye on the topics the TSC is discussing, then if we find an interesting topic, we can have an AC member sit on it. Design meetings are in various time zones, so we could have AC members in close timezones join those.

### TSC meetings

Two AC members per meeting. Maybe some overlap of participants.

## Blog Post

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KfO52S4P4Auds7wZrzGLwK4pOQdiGTmRzoXFZgGJw84/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KfO52S4P4Auds7wZrzGLwK4pOQdiGTmRzoXFZgGJw84/edit)

A bit formal. Make it more enticing.

Approved by the end of the day Wednesday, ship it out, then hopefully have it on the blog by the end of the week.

## Accessibility

We will have this meeting in two weeks.

## IAB

Levi got an acceptance letter and RSVP'd.

## Short Meetings

Do we want to have meetings even if there aren't many topics and the consensus is that we should still meet, even if they are short. It helps keep up the momentum and other topics may arise during the conversation.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[dknecht]: https://github.com/dknecht
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
