# **AC Meeting #10 2019-09-09**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/51](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/51)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@gui-poa][gui-poa]

## **Attendees:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Léonie Watson ([@LJWatson][LJWatson])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

## **Excused:**

*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])


# **Minutes**

## Elections

*   The AC finalizes the elections.
*   Election members will be announced through a blog post tomorrow, and via emails.
*   An invitation to join AC meetings will be extended to those that weren’t selected along with a 1:1 call if they desire.


## TSC Meeting Liaison

*   Levi to report on past meetings + ESCAPE workshop during our next call


## AMP Governance

*   AC member-only (for now) slidedeck presented by [@tobie][tobie].

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
