# **AC Meeting #8 2019-08-12**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/45](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/45)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: 


## **Attendees:**

*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

## **Guests:**

*   William Chou ([@choumx][choumx])

## **Excused:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Dane Knecht ([@dknecht][dknecht])

# **Minutes**

William: software eng at Google. Responsible for the email spec. Work with colleagues at Gmail + other email providers (MSFT, yahoo mail, Mail.ru).

Background: idea between Malte and head of eng on Gmail side. Email: old tech, stuck in the past. Static HTML. Each provider has its own set of HTML/CSS it allows. No scripts. Very segmented. problem : data gets stale over time.

Impetus behind AMP4Email: AMP safe to run on email providers compared to plain JS (which is much harder to reason on privacy/security perspective) => good opportunity to standardize this previously fragmented email spec across providers (2) user benefit by providing fresh content instead of stale content.

Tobie: how did you get interest from other providers? how did you reach out to other service providers?

Will: relationship between AMP and Gmail. First as a test to see if it could really work. => case studies to make it more compelling to other email providers. => confirmed in practice after announcement at AMP conf. They’re part of the AMP4Email WG. That’s been super fruitful.

Joe: can you talk to the upcoming roadmap?

Will: two main things: (1) supporting the need of other providers (and their partners), see issues in repositories. (2) AMP for email is a subset of the AMP spec => MVP that can be shipped using the security/privacy invariance (notably around leaking IP address) => supporting video streaming. (3) advocacy with email providers to add support for more modern HTML/CSS features.

*transcribed from video*
Tobie: In practice, providers are not relying on the AMP runtime to provide the trusted sandbox? 

Will: they are still using the AMP runtime, the implementation is still a little different. Each provider has its own sanitizing. 

Tobie: So they are using the same sanitizing rules across content and AMP content?

Will: that is my understanding. They don't have to, but typically they do to limit the surface area they have to worry about.
*end transcription*

Tobie: What about Fastmail refusing to implement it?

Will: no engagement. Will ask if there’s partner outreach going on. Having more email providers is better. Unfortunate that FM has taken a stand in the opposite direction.

Tobie: iirc this was essentially about UX wrt to content being static. Same issue wrt HTML email because of images. There was a lot of arguments against it in the past because of it. It turned out not to really be an issue in the long term. I believe it’s going to be the same for AMP. 

Will: Good point about the user experience

*transcribed from video*
HTML email already has this problem with images. There were potential security issues. In hindsight, HTML email has not been the end of the world people thought it would be. AMP HTML markup is always static, so it does have that archival feature. AMP does support dynamic content though. It can be used in a user-unfriendly way, but I think there's a great user benefit here to. Email senders will be incentivized to do the right thing for their users. 
*end transcription*

Sumo: we’ve looked at AMP. Looked at payment components for customer re-engagement around payments. This caused issues. More concerning: ISPs like SalesForce is saying that the extra effort requested (doubling the number of mime types) is causing a lot of extra work which makes it not really sustainable.

Will: (1) amount of incremental work to provide extra-mime-type is non-trivial. But needs to be supported for fallback until AMP4Email is much more broadly supported. (2) Working to improve the ROI of implementing.

Sumo: are you working to get payments in there?

Will: trickier problem. We don’t have a good story on regular AMP pages yet. Will try to solve that first before taking it to email.

Sumo: explains a possible approach using iframes.

Will: this is—I think—what the direction we’re going in. but it’s a bit trickier than that. Especially for email, where not allowing JS to run provides security/privacy guarantees that iframes don’t support.

*transcribed from video:*
Tobie: Channeling another AC member, how is the communication around this? There have been some folks in academic settings for example, a bit in panic mode about how to handle this. From some of these conversations, it feels like there's a lot of explanation about what it takes to write an AMP4Email Email, but not a lot of explanation about what that creates. What are teh consequences, and what is the bigger broader picture, these are bigger changes to the stack people use on a daily basis. It's a different UX. So it seems some of the backlash I'm seeing is tied to communication around the project. It feels like this technology has a potentially very huge impact, will create a lot of changes, but the broader community of users and stakeholders are getting little detail. The content around this is difficult for most people to consume. Can you tell us more about plans to address this, and if not can you tell us who we could talk to to get such plans in place?
*end transcription*

Will: started in a scrappy kind of mode. Tactic: trying to prove that this works incrementally. First with Gmail. Prove it’s useful. Then scale. Benefit of MIME-type is that it’s fully backwards compat. Fallback story is good. Supports incremental growth over time. Personally, this approach is more practical. This is also how AMP was built. Versus a web standards approach which takes years. Then start bringing this to standards. Similar approach with AMP4Email. Approach has much more chances of success. This had been tried in the past for HTML (I believe) for email and failed. Not everyone will agree with the AMP teams’ approach on this, but it’s the one we believe will work.

Where are you on the timeline from scrappy to standardization?

Will: still very much in the scrappy process. But evolving thanks to governance. Evolves in parallel with AMP.

No discussion about moving it to an SDO yet. Challenge is to transcribe the components into prose. Which is why this hasn’t been done for AMP yet. Not opposed. But hard to do.

WRT to smaller providers. TODO(7:52) Example of multiple providers coming together to avoid issues like whitelisting.

Will: these discussions happened through the WG monthly meeting.

Sumo: what does success for you look like?

Will: with respect to provider adoption: ASAP

Tobie: what about mime-types?


[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[choumx]: https://github.com/choumx
[dknecht]: https://github.com/dknecht