# **May 18, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/102](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/102)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar][nainar])
*   Jory Burson ([@jorydotcom][jorydotcom])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   David Strauss ([@DavidStrauss][DavidStrauss])
*   Chris Papazian ([@cpapazian][cpapazian])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Dima Voytenko ([@dvoytenko][dvoytenko])
*   Rudy Galfi ([@rudygalfi][rudygalfi])

## **Excused:**

*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Absent:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approved last call's minutes: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/103](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/103)
*   Check rosters for TSC & Design Review meetings
*   Update from past TSC & Design Review
*   Accessibility discussion with guest @nainar
    *   Naina:
        *   Three buckets / work areas:
            *   Process
            *   Components
            *   Documentation
        *   External audit
            *   Caroline & Naina looking into it
    *   Melanie offers help.
    *   Further discussion of process problems for new or infrequent contributors vs. those who contribute often. 'Warnings' vs. 'Errors'. Discussion of roadmap for remainder of the year with support from external vendor. 
    *   AIs
        *   Support Melanie to sync with Naina
*   Next Meeting: different time to accommodate Kenji in JST
    *  Topic: performance, issues #32, #80, #87, #84
*   Check [issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).
*   Discussion about AMP involvement @ Collab Summit
    *   Ideas: AMP Feedback Session - Maggie & Tobie
    *   Ideas: Accessibility in AMP - Melanie & Tobie

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
