# **April 6, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/92](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/92)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])

## **Excused:**

*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])

## **Absent:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's [minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/91).
    *   Please +1, will merge today pending no outstanding concerns
*   [Check roster for TSC meeting & Check roster for Design reviews](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14zK4a1soZXQXlgyaS7cIWizzzaF9z93lWEPXfc11Rt0/edit#gid=0).
    *   AI: follow up with Rudy to confirm TSC meeting attendees, Eli & Sumo
*   Ted Shuter is stepping down. Has suggested a candidate to take over his seat. AC to discuss.
    *   Reminder: seats are not tied to organizations, and there are no set number of seats. Last elections were last summer 2019.
    *   Agree that itâ€™s important to have perspectives from key groups (i.e. CDNs)
    *   AI: Consider the nominee for an interim term and have an election in early 2021 as planned.
    *   AI: Sumo to update working mode to reflect the process adjustment.
    *   AI: Discuss nominee next week
*   Accessibility 2020 Focus ([#62](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/62)) ([Jamboard](https://jamboard.google.com/d/1rb9r2_GGawD9TGZMoXAr6Kfd0m7bGOut_CBbl3ug_Nw/viewer))
    *   See documentation in Jamboard
    *   AI: Follow up with UX & Accessibility team & get a status on work from last year
    *   AI: organize meeting with UX & Accessibility team
    *   AI: Clean up & organize board

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
