# **July 13, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/134](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/134)

Facilitator: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]  
Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Kasiana McLenaghan ([@KasianaMac][KasianaMac])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])

## **Excused:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   **Approve last call's minutes.**
    *   [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/133](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/133)
*   **Check roster for TSC meeting**
    *   Welcome Kasiana! New TSC Rep.
    *   Past - cancelled
    *   Upcoming
        *   July 15 @ 20:00
*   **Check roster for Design reviews.**
    *   (Past) July 9 meeting - Maggie - cancelled?
    *   Upcoming - 
        *   July 15 @ 15:30 - Caching WG (Sumo maybe)
*   **FAQs relating to AMP & Google Page XP ranking**
    *   Clarification sought on [Core Web Vitals question](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15SBggPGOT-qIVJ7fl3yqGtLrY26lTJT3NQlgeqdfnhQ/edit?ts=5f08fc9f)
*   **Stakeholder input process**
    *   [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/106](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/106)
*   **Organizing for AC Elections (2020-2021)**
    *   Timeline / # of open spots
        *   Timeline - Late August / September
        *   number of spots - no preference, just keen to have people who are committed. Enough to ensure a quorum
        *   What contingencies are still represented in our group
            *   Accessibility, CDN, News, (take an inventory of represented Points of View) (Some contingencies include news ad media, e-commerce, CDN, accessibility, enablers/vendors, industry "watchdogs") framework builders (because AMP is moving this direction)
                *   
    *   [AC New Member Expectations Documentation (#104)](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/104)
        *   Onboarding Kit - rhythm of the work, cadence of the meetings, what needs to come out of the discourse
        *   How to bring ideas to this group - how those ideas are approved / flow as recommendations to the TSC (What is your part, how you impact)
        *   Process for onboarding new AC members- maybe have a new AC member meeting, share tribal knowledge like who’s on the AC, how long and what their interest is, etc. 
        *   From Sumo in Chat: 
            *   1. How to raise and track new ideas (i.e. GitHub)
            *   2. Engaging in discourse and raising representative and/or contrarian points of view
            *   3. Taking ownership of 'issues' assigned during meetings
            *   4. Liaising with TSC
        *   [Ref: Working Mode Document](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/WORKING_MODE.md#membership)
            *   [Activities](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/WORKING_MODE.md#activities)
    *   [Find Nominees for AC interested in Standards (#119)](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/119)
        *   Part of the constituency we may want to recruitment
*   **Check[ issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).**
    *   #116 (Sumo)
        *   AI - [AC members to review Sumo’s doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KUfAyK2LjqE4A3y0MiUQE2y2I3AxK78wG7qlf3C5SAE/edit)
        *   Maggie - is the attention being split between the direction of 
            *   Kasiana happy to bring this to next TSC meeting
            *   How will AMP prioritize - split paths to preserve adoption (SXGs vs. framework)
        *   Pablo - maintenance of 2 different “lines” of distribution
        *   Kasiana - how do you create the brightly lit path - the benefit has to outweigh the things our bosses hate, or this is what you will miss out on (traffic driver) - this helps frame/drive the paths AMP could take
    *   Next Week
        *   Maybe Payments
    *   AI - See about getting Bento group 
    *   AI - Jory to draft v1 of member expectations documents
    *   AI - request for updates from AMP components for Payments
    *   AI - Kasiana would like to talk to Pablo, Senthil - “this is what the bosses yell at you about” - Jory to facilitate contact info swap

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
