# **June 29, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/132](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/132)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]  
Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   David Strauss ([@davidstrauss][davidstrauss])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])

## **Excused:**

*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve [last call's minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/131) -
    *    +1 if OK otherwise will merge by EOD
*   Check roster for TSC meeting - 
    *   Next meeting is July 15 @ 20:00 UTC
    *   Last meeting report
        *   New TSC Member: Kassiana from Axios
        *   Summit Planning
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
    *   July 1 - Infra & Outreach (Eli)
    *   July 9 - Performance (Maggie)
    *   July 15 - Validation & Caching
    *   Last meeting report: Meeting was cancelled
        *   Need to start Adding AC members to issues so they are notified in the event a meeting is cancelled. 
*   Member resigning
    *   Proposal: host election in the Fall to accommodate members who are transitioning + recent resignations. Group on the call is +1.
*   Elections
    *   Consider great candidates; consider which voices are missing.
    *   Consider your own commitments and availability
    *   Consider whether there are responsibilities to add or those that can be mentored 
*   AMP summit feedback
    *   Timezone issues prevalent for our AC group
    *   Jory to locate recordings of AMP Summit Sessions & Malte Keynote via email
*   Check[ issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).
    *   Review & Discuss issues related to ‘Fixing URLs’ focus area
        *   Sumo considers advancing a position one-pager
    *   Review & Discuss the Stakeholder Input Process (#106) for constituency conduit focus area
        *   AC members to approve the pull request
*   Meta: Tobie will be away through July 25


[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi