# **April 20, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/94](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/94)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])

## **Excused:**

*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

## **Absent:**

*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's minutes.
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
*   Follow-up discussion with Kenji and others on URL Focus / Signed Exchanges
*   Follow-up on nomination from [@TedShuter](https://github.com/TedShuter)
*   Check [issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).
*   Introducing Brian Howard - interim member until we have elections at the end of the year.
*   Intro Kenji
*   Idea: Rolling call times to accommodate the variable timezones moving forward
*   Minutes were merged
*   Design & TSC meeting Roster - Sumo & Eli confirmed for TSC; Sumo volunteered to attend the Design meeting on 22 April.
*   Signed exchanges & URLs discussion continued
    *   URL integrity
        *   3rd party cookie restrictions make that even more important
    *   Cache problems
        *   Personalization impossible during pre-rendering
        *   Needs to be scripted
        *   Some info could be provided such as geoloc
        *   E-commerce want users to have a consistent experience (requires dynamic personalization).
        *   More consistent understanding of how personalization works for different use cases desired. What can be done to improve?
        *   Ability to set cookies super important (e.g. for shopping carts). 
    *   Short (90 day) SXG certification - many publishers have begun to appreciate the benefits of this. Encourages automation. Who handles automation? What kind of certs are needed? Documentation on this would be useful, as well as info on CAs that support the necessary APIs
        *   AC could support outreach on this in the future
    *   AI: follow-up call with Melissa, Brian, others RE publishing tools & outreach (ARC, etc.)
        *   Additionally Brian and Kenji will follow up with each other asynchronously
    *   Payment Gateways
        *   resurgence of interest in payment request API. 

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward