# **May 4, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/99](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/99)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])

## **Excused:**

*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])

## **Absent:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve minutes from last meeting
*   TSC & Design Roster sign-ups
    *   Tobie & Melanie for next TSC meeting May 6
*   Report from the Design Review session last week
    *   Melanie & Jory
    *   Following up with Naina at next meeting
*   Report from the last TSC meeting, ~ 2 weeks ago
    *   Eli & Sumo
    *   Working to improve relationship between AC & TSC
        *   Group seemed comfortable extending standing invitation to TSC members to attend AC meetings
*   Year Plan [#101](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/101)   
*   Organization Document
    *   [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zDFuObC1X06Wh13TfMPA01Yi0ofntc7lTk4HjZplm4A/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zDFuObC1X06Wh13TfMPA01Yi0ofntc7lTk4HjZplm4A/edit#)
*   Alternating Meeting times

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward