# **June 15, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/129](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/129)

Facilitator: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]  
Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   David Strauss ([@davidstrauss][davidstrauss])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Chris Papazian ([@cpapazian][cpapazian])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])

## **Excused:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve [last call's minutes.](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/130)
    *   ac@amp.dev - new email group address!
*   Check roster for TSC & Design Review Meetings
    *   TSC - June 17 @ 20:00
    *   Design - June 18 @ 0:00 (Bento WG)
        *   Maggie raises hand
*   Report from recent TSC or Design Review Meetings
    *   None
*   Outreach Team updates & follow-up: Guest Alex Duran
    *   New dates for online/ digital event in September time frame 
    *   Progress on collaboration on case studies from this group - Automattic & Wordpress Case study
    *   Work with Alex RE the content calendar, also they work with Wordsmithy
*   [AMP Summit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GY9qNrjxM6Ro-jFSGscL11sKQA46msRMdSrQMhTL8K0/edit#gid=461228868) & OpenJS Collab summit
    *   Most of the AMP Summit speakers are Googlers
    *   Looking to create a target for % of content that doesn’t come from Google
    *   Next step in the process of moving in to the foundation
*   Check[ issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).
    *   [#124](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/124) & [FAQ Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15SBggPGOT-qIVJ7fl3yqGtLrY26lTJT3NQlgeqdfnhQ/edit?ts=5edfc7f5)
*   Requests for upcoming sessions
    *   User research studies
    *   Accessibility 
    *   Payments (& Signed Exchanges) - framework work for value prop (esp. For retail). 
    *   Recruiting for AC members 
    *   AMP4 Email - hasn’t reached critical mass; needs a clear pathway - reach out to the PM of that group 
        *   What are the value propositions of each feature

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi