# **September 21, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/143](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/143)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Jory Burson ([@jorydotcom][jorydotcom])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar][nainar]) - guest

## **Excused:**

*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's minutes.
    *   Please +1 [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/144](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/144)
*   Check roster for TSC & Design review meetings.
    *   Upcoming Design review meetings do not yet have agendas; jory to followup via email
*   Naina - Bento + AMP deck
    *   [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wZVuLWey6rvNll0aoUuIkhGW63LM6jxbB7lYYZlkLlU/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wZVuLWey6rvNll0aoUuIkhGW63LM6jxbB7lYYZlkLlU/edit) \
=> Follow-up with Rudy on Search integration of non-AMP content.
        *   Discover / Search Carousel
    *   Terence’s questions ([https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/143#issuecomment-696241698](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/143#issuecomment-696241698)): paired AMP users see AMP Bento as more viable/sustainable vs. AMP first users.
        *   Why pick AMP? Better Core Web vitals by default. Sustainably meeting those over time.
        *   New publishers could use just bits of AMP for e.g. improving Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) score
    *   AMP wants to work as a presentation layer on top of whatever frameworks you’re using.
    *   What about the situation for folks who have already invested in AMP? This deck is really focused on folks who haven’t done yet.
*   Election update
    *   Waiting on a couple of folks to reply (opt-in or opt-out for next year) - please do so! ([https://forms.gle/wKwxT7goKuFHxus59](https://forms.gle/wKwxT7goKuFHxus59))
    *   Looking to get more diverse participation - need more nominees to ensure a good balance of representation
        *   Please bring ~1-2 nominees! [https://forms.gle/XuJAaoVKkBPMGZMg9](https://forms.gle/XuJAaoVKkBPMGZMg9)
*   AMP Fest 13 October 2020: [https://twitter.com/AMPhtml/status/1306720466984460290](https://twitter.com/AMPhtml/status/1306720466984460290)
    *   Need more details
*   [#142](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/142) (Tabling discussion for next meeting - this is currently a valid law in Brazil)
    *   Guilherme to drive

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
