# **August 24, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/139](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/139)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])

## **Excused:**

*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   [Approve last call's minutes.](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/140)
*   Check roster for TSC & Design Review meetings.
    *   TSC - Eli attending on 26 Aug
    *   Design Review - likely cancelled
*   Guest Discussion: Bento & Looking Forward with Naina Raisinghani
    *   Intention from the early days - for analytics, devs liked using those except they could only use those in AMP. Adopting AMP seemed like a binary.
    *   However with other libraries was you could use some components outside of the core library, this approach was the inspiration for Bento 
    *   Intention is to re-write a bunch of those components in Preact (currently 5). AMP selector, iframe, working on sidebar and carousel
    *   Page experience - looking to improve onramping/ experimenting for new developers. 
    *   Pulls in like any other module eg an npm module. This allows AMP to be pulled in as valid HTML. Terence suggests improving the messaging on the documentation to clarify.
    *   143 components - idea is to pick 30-40 most used and release those early next year. We don’t know the page experience timeline at this time. 
    *   Late 2021 - can we bento-y AMP’s runtime. Immediate need is to publish more components and get the beta out.
    *   Then think about breaking it up to better address CWV & page experience.
    *   Naina also provides an update on component review for accessibility. Tetralogical is working through review & documentation. Naina to share repo after call. Working on design process and the next ~20 components - Bento components to not add new functionality - they have parity with AMP components. 
    *   CWV measurements - please include questions there - Jory to send that doc out after the call
*   Elections - Go-forward plan & schedule:
    *   Timeline
        *   Nominations open ASAP through Oct. 2
        *   Review nominees Round 1 at Oct. 5 meeting
        *   Conclude election process / Final decisions at Oct. 19 meeting
        *   Announce results on Oct. 20
    *   Election Process
        *   Open call for nominations through google form
            *   (Ensure non-Google way to apply & ask questions - @edent)
        *   Review nominees
        *   Multiple Election views run 
        *   Consensus on outcomes
    *   Next Steps
        *   [Publish Nomination blog post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17hkuMVtQzgu6IY_7v-lPX9eUUZhPoEjql5nS19JsP4o/edit?ts=5f3d02f9)
        *   Promote nominations & recruit
        *   Connect with each of you individually about your 2021 plans
*   [#141](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/141) - update working mode
    *   No questions, +1 to merge
*   Payments WG Conversation next steps - follow-up
    *   One of the next steps was to discuss with partners about their interest / willingness to participate
    *   Commerce folks haven’t jumped in because payments have felt like an after thought - retailers have moved on and don’t see AMP as important to their outcomes
        *   Make payments an example working product for subscriptions?
    *   We need to start thinking about the core business outcomes - can we talk to Malte/Rudy about what data show?
    *   Core principal of AMP is now more a tool for development - need to be clearer about the strategy of components or performance. This seems unclear
    *   AMP no longer required for CWV - do we need to fine-tune the mission / vision of AMP? What does a successful 2021 look like for AMP
    *   Jory to debrief Tobie & follow up with group on the mailing list.
* Next meeting - Sept. 7 is a holiday, likely cancelled
* Plan for Sept. 21 - follow-ups on Payments, possible Vision 2021 with TSC, issue #142

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
