# **March 9, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])

## **Excused:**

*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

## **Absent:**

*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])

# **Minutes**

*   Some availability issues due to public health issues & timezone change
*   AMP conf has been delayed (June travel has been postponed due to Covid-19)
    *   F2F alternatives need to be determined
*   Welcome Alex Duran & Matt Ludwig from AMP Outreach to discuss ongoing activities
    *   Round robin intro of the AC Reps
    *   Alex will be leading the charge on the outreach from the Google side moving forward (with continued support from Matt)
    *   Alex walks through their overall outreach & marketing plan with slides:
        *   AMP Conf & other in-person events strategy is shifting esp over recent news - TBD
        *   The way we talk about AMP & move to OpenJS Foundation; working with Foundation marketing. 
        *   Primary outlets: YouTube Livestreams, Newsletters, Events
        *   New narrative “AMP at Your Service” - to increase ROI & productivity
            *   Outreach content - across all the channels (Blog, newsletter, YouTube)
                *   Video: AMP 101, Powered by AMP (inspirational)
            *   AMP.dev
                *   Success stories, Search Ads, Pages
            *   Events
                *   TBD
            *   Project Upsilon - cross functional efforts; primary goal to get messaging to non-en speaking markets (localization, dynamic content)
        *   Alex will share the slides after the meeting. 
    *   Senthil: So the focus is on productivity over search benefits?
    *   Alex: We’re pitching the productivity & Development benefits over product benefits such as search. 
    *   Matt: Will add that from AMP tech dev perspective, the direction is to lean into productivity & speed over search. Esp. in markets where the search angle is not as compelling (eg loadability into PWAs etc). 
    *   Senthil: The TSC has already done the performance benchmarking for AMP?
    *   Matt: Good question. We should continue to raise this with the TSC but the signals that are given is that this is the focus. And they are working to uplevel the quality. 
    *   Alex: I didn't have specific numbers, but they are working on ensuring that off-cache is equal to on-cache
    *   Senthil: We should be following up on this here via the AC. 
    *   Tobie: all of this seems to tie into the question of where properties opt in to the full AMP experience. The AC should bring the concerns of the different stakeholders are represented.
    *   Maggie: Currently the default is that a lot our client site have to use other cdns. I’m also concerned about legacy support for older browsers. (ie. shadow dom)
    *   Matt: Those are fair points. We should take these back for more investigation
    *   Maggie to open issue RE Legacy support
    *   Senthil to also open issue RE performance
    *   Tobie: I’d like to hear more about the OpenJS Foundation relationship. Is there anything we can do help? Also the relationship with the TSC and the outreach group. What can be done to make sire the messaging and outreach reflect the projects as a whole and not only Google.
    *   Alex: I met with Robin & Rachel in December, walked them through this plan. We have a recurring monthly meeting to figure out how to cross-incorporate work and messaging. AMP conf was already planned out this year, but we are looking into coordinating for future events so these are joined events. We’ve been posting calls into the Slack channel but we have a lot more work to do to get people into those meetings. We’re looking into making it more pubic by tweeting out about it. We’re a little worried about getting  sidetracked
    *   Matt: We’ve seen success when we put tasks in front of the outreach group. People are willing when they get the specific task. We have an opportunity to do better with the ongoing things like the social channels. We need to do a better job on that front. We need to build off the model from the contributor’s summit
    *   Tobie: have you reached out to the companies represented by people on the TSC and AMP AC?
    *   Alex: No, but we should do that/ The average contributor may not want to plug into our ongoing workstreams, but these larger cos probably will.
    *   Tobie: happy to help you connect with the companies on the TSC & AC. Opening this door may lead to more interest and activity.
    *   Alex: One thing that I am constantly thinking about is AMP 101. What do you think we can do to elevate some of the AMP content we are putting out? Is there any space on the AMP Outreach side for us to plug in to other AMP areas (TSC, Open Source, AMP AC) - what more can we be doing
    *   Maggie: from my perspective it seems like the OpenJS Foundation is a good fit but 
    *   Matt: a finer point: are there places that the work the AC is doing could be highlighted more? Not just a status update, but here are some of the things we care about and the direction its going. Or do you all want to get more plugged into the outreach component? Should there be regular checkins, etc?
    *   Eli: Are you asking us are there places we can be promoting AMP but aren’t, or places we can be promoting the AC but aren’t?
    *   Matt: I think it’s both, really
    *   Eli: I think it would be great for the AC to have a blog about it. I also think Automattic would be interested in this.
    *   Maggie: I think most of our companies would like to see the work put out by the outreach committee, and my own company would be interested as well. 
    *   Eli: plus one
    *   Tobie: I like the way you framed that, and I think it would be better for the work of both the AC and the outreach committee to collaborate. There’s definitely some mutual interest on these priorities, maybe we should decide offline what the frequency should be. 
    *   Alex; for sure
    *   Tobie: what about asynchronously sharing these things?
    *   Matt: Yeah like postponing AMP Conf, that was one that people probably don’t disagree with but we also don’t want to be making somewhat major decisions for the project without a sense of oversight. We want to make sure the whole projects feel its appropriate.
    *   Tobie: The AC is like a satellite you can reach out to, and having a channel for that would be useful. Github? Email? Meetings every-other week? The more we are on GH the better it is. You can always add things to the agenda or also reaching out to me or Jory, or cc’in the AC team on github (@ampproject/ac). THANK YOU MATT & ALEX!
*   Administrative: Metrics, reporting, tracking
    *   We actually have a project board for this: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2)
    *   CCPA postmortem
        *   This is actually a success story for the AC: The TSC delegated the work & got feedback from the publishers. 
        *   The AC helped drive this to happen - helped a lot of people avoid being out of compliance with the new regulations
        *   This would be a great blog post, also looking for other cases where we can turn problems into coherent technical problems that the TSC can solve
    *   Tobie: We need people to champion these issues and be somewhat relentless about staying on top of this. Maybe we should have a small process for this, that we can formalize.
    *   AI: Jory & Tobie to Draft.
*   Any other Business?
    *   Sumo: Where are we now with signed exchanges?
    *   Tobie: This is still an open loop. Shall we put this on the agenda for the next meeting?
    *   Sumo: I think we need someone from the TSC to give us an update. 
    *   Tobie: Will put this on & perhaps get Kenji to comment.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom