# **August 10, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/138](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/138)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Jeff Jose ([@jeffjose][jeffjose])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])

## **Excused:**

*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Brian Howard ([@brianwhoward][brianwhoward])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])

## **Absent:**

*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Conversation Jeff Jose regarding AMP Payments (max 25 mins)
    *   Pre-submitted questions from AC members:
        *   State of payments on AMP (what is supported, planned, etc.)
            *   Jeff: Make payment as easy as possible on AMP.
                *   End to end solution desired
                *   Original proposal was amp-pay (a component inside of AMP)
                *   PCI-compliance issues prevented AMP from writing their own code
                *   Different approach: can we wrap existing libraries?
                *   In parallel, emerging Web standard: Web Payments API
                *   How do we merge those? Merge wrapping + standard
                *   API inspired from the standard
                *   Current state: not a lot of work on that space (prioritization on CCPA/GDPR, plus other e-commerce priorities).
            *   What’s the roadmap?
                *   No intention to write our own for regulatory reasons.
                *   No clear next steps at this point.
                *   Little interest from the community.
            *   Problem:
                *   feedback from the community is that developers want to be able to use the same provider with AMP they’re using elsewhere.
                *   Web Payment Requests had little uptake.
        *   If this matters but is not critical to the roadmap, would it make sense to have a dedicated working group to help build the case, suggest solution or propose software? Is this an opportunity to foster more community contribution?
            *   Some orgs are going to be their own payment gateways
            *   Enabling payments seems to be a high-value activity; deepening shopping experience / expediting payments
            *   Should this be a priority - esp for retailers; If AMP could do more heavy lifting the checkout experience would match discovery
            *   Needs expertise of the right stakeholders - team does not currently have this in house
    *   Next Steps/AIs
        *   How to start a conversation about new working group - discuss with TSC? Clarify what the plan is & determine interest & availability; resource needs
        *   Follow up with additional questions to Jeff
*   Approve [last call's minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/135).
*   Check rosters for TSC & Design Review meetings.
    *   8/12 @ 20 UTC - Design, Viewers (no updates) 
    *   8/20 @ 0 UTC - Design, UI
    *   8/26 @ 15:30 UTC - Design, TBD
    *   8/26 @ 20 UTC  - TSC - Bento/Off-Cache AMP - Eli
*   [Review Member Expectations PR](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/137)
*   Elections
*   Maggie: Noticing significant declines in AMP page performance reported in Lighthouse. Pages that were scoring in the 90s now below 20. AI to document in Perf issues #87 / #84 & report to TSC


[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[brianwhoward]: https://github.com/brianwhoward
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
