# **January 13, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/69](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/69)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen]


## **Attendees:**

*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])


## **Excused:**

*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])


## **Absent:**

*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])

# **Minutes**

*   Elect scribe
*   Slight changes to minute taking process (single doc)
*   Introduce [@jorydotcom](https://github.com/jorydotcom) (new role in AC)
    *   More clear and visible notes/minutes for public consumption
    *   Greater integration with OpenJS Foundation
*   Results of EOY new term confirmation
    *   Loss of members due to time constraints (Jervay Singh, Graham Loh, Léonie Watson)
*   Affiliation changes
    *   Joe joining Google Assistant team (congrats)
    *   Discussion on concerns about % of AC who are now Googlers, how this affects perspective diversity & optics
    *   Agree Joe can compartmentalize his roles, but it’s a question of optics. Further discussion/async decision on his continued membership pending.
*   Do we run an election? (discussion)
    *   Hold off for now unless we feel we are lacking perspective due to losses or lack of regional representation, in Asia for example
*   How do we move forward with [2020 focus](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%222020+focus%22)? (discussion)
    *   Suggestion for process:
        *   to get the AC input to be better fitted into the TSC priorities and ultimately drive regular input into the dev cycle process;
        *   measure success
        *   gather feedback from community
    *   Adding members interested in specific topics for async discussion pertaining to that focus

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[jervay]: https://github.com/jervay
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[grahamle]: https://github.com/grahamle
[LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi