# **February 24, 2020**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/82](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/82)

Facilitator: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

Scribe: 

## **Attendees:**

*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])
*   Melanie Sumner ([@melsumner][melsumner])
*   Maggie Wettergreen ([@mjwettergreen][mjwettergreen])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])

## **Excused:**

*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])
*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])

## **Absent:**

*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])

# **Minutes**

**Follow-ups**

*   [#84](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/84) - AMP Runtime
*   [#64](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/64) - constituency brainstorm follow-up
    *   [Draft Proposal Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/1EVibClHeeXenrLdwjdpaa9f-LHN67r9KNwRb-ePm0wU/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=104700215516924738256)

[2020 Focus](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%222020+focus%22) strategy brainstorm

*   Timeboxed discussion of up to two 2020 Focus topics, ~20 minutes per topic
*   [Privacy Focus](https://jamboard.google.com/d/1B9MxnHysK8M_9R4xB-N0FxYM-TRvP4kRXt5SfyBYzlA/viewer) (Jamboard)
    *   Any feedback or input from CCPA?
    *   Yes, this is something we should dive into as a next priority
    *   What type of privacy issues are we worried about tackling?
        *   Opting out stuff for CA regulations - is there a to-do list?
        *   Ted: this is important, but we may not have the expertise 
            *   Should we bring in someone?
            *   Tobie was working on some of these issues from the NYT; someone from the TSC came in - we should follow up on this 
        *   Pablo: Consent in AMP, who manages? That was one of the bigger problems there - data privacy with different states
        *   Sumo: we should track the progress of what changes have been made - we should track offline
        *   Joe: Unclear where the TSC landed with this, where the community landed
        *   Melanie: it looks li
        *   Jory: Where do we want to fit?
        *   Melanie: How do we want to distribute the opinions of the AC? From a PRelations perspective, “X is what we think and advise” - this seems like an open issue for us to discuss - how do we share that knowledge?
        *   Joe: We never formalized that, to my recall.
        *   Melanie: We need to collaborate with the TSC - how would you like to receive feedback from AC
        *   Sumo: What about the feedback loop (closing the loop on issues that have gone to the TSC (issue RE CCPA)
    *   Sumo: can we get useful metrics to plug into the feedback cycle more? That should probably dictate what our priorities are
    *   Melanie: we should see about getting report numbers more frequently. I also see this is tied into the constituency issue
        *   Grok some of our administrative issues next week. Metrics, reporting, distribute/track the things we have decided. I think that would fit in the discussion window.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[cvazac]: https://github.com/cvazac
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[levidurfee]: https://github.com/levidurfee
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[tones]: https://github.com/tones
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[dymerrell]: https://github.com/dymerrell
[mjwettergreen]: https://github.com/mjwettergreen
[melsumner]: https://github.com/melsumner
[msteffan]: https://github.com/msteffan
[TedShuter]: https://github.com/TedShuter
[aghassemi]: https://github.com/aghassemi
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
