# December 14, 2020

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/161](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/161)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]


## Attendees:

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Joey Rozier - Guest ([@mrjoro][mrjoro])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])


## Excused:

*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Candice Gleason ([@candice-womp][candice-womp])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Jett Jackson ([@j-tt][j-tt])
*   Faizan Siddiqi ([@SiddiqiFaizan][SiddiqiFaizan])

## Absent:


# Minutes:

*   Approval of last meeting’s minutes
*   No Roster for TSC & Design Review meetings
*   Next Meeting - Second Week of January / Dec. 28 session cancelled for the holidays
*   EMEA Meeting - still working on finding an acceptable bi-weekly time. Please reply to the doodle poll
*   Election Results post is now live - thank you all.
*   Year Plan issue: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/167](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/167)
    *   Tracks progress throughout the year and helps keep track of the calendar - there are not too many working meetings throughout the year.
*   Funding AMP dependencies through Open Collective
    *   Weigh in here: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-tsc/issues/56](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-tsc/issues/56)
*   2021 Focus Areas based on the brainstorming sessions [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%222021+focus%22](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%222021+focus%22)
    *   [Standards](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/162)
        *   Champions - Terrence, possibly Kelsey, Julie
        *   Discussion RE standardizing stories
        *   Rigor in alignment with best practices and standards; developing relationships with standards bodies such as W3C and IETF
        *   [Web Component Community Group @ W3C](https://www.w3.org/community/webcomponents/) (from Jeremy)
        *   Guest Ideas
            *   Lea Verou
            *   Have Robin / Justin come speak (AI to Kelsey)
    *   [Marketing](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/163)
        *   Champions - Jono, Marissa, Tom
        *   Get a handle on the gap of people’s perception - quantify the issue
        *   What is the existing marketing function doing?
        *   Clarify - this is not about “selling AMP” but clarifying value prop
        *   Guest Ideas - Marketing WG members; prominent googlers?
    *   [Privacy](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/164)
        *   Eli, Kelsey
        *   Issues on this that are still open from last year
            *   CCPA issue
        *   Policies RE AMP Cache
        *   Research on current issues / current state of affairs / doing an audit
            *   Who has not adopted AMP because they can’t find the privacy configurations they need?
        *   Building privacy into the process, like we did with accessibility. 
        *   Guests Ideas - publishers who did not adopt
    *   [Core Web Vitals](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/165) 
        *   Champions - Julie, Marissa, Senthil, Jono, Pablo, Tom, Guilherme
        *   See Guiherme’s email; 
        *   AMP YouTube example from Pablo
        *   Calculate the impact of certain modules / components
        *   Understanding the priorities - perf was a core priority, has this changed? What happens when you take the Google Cache out of the equation
        *   Guests Ideas - people from the lighthouse team? (Ilya, Addy, Elizabeth, Paul)
    *   [AMP & Search](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/166)
        *   Champions - Jeremy, Marissa, Tom, Jono, Joe
        *   Clarification of the clear reason / message about what the benefit is for the AMP Format
        *   What problem AMP solves for publishers now that the problem to solve isn’t “get in the search carousel”

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose