# **March 23, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/185](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/185)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])

## **Absent:**

*   Jett Jackson ([@j-tt][j-tt])
*   Faizan Siddiqi([@siddiqifaizan][siddiqifaizan])

# **Minutes**

*   Quick update of conversations that happened on the 22nd.
*   Meeting adjourned.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
