# **February 8, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/175](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/175)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel [(@tobie)][tobie]
*   Joey Rozier [(@mrjoro)][mrjoro]
*   Julie Bacon [(@baconjulie)][baconjulie]
*   Pablo Delgado [(@pdelgadorodriguez)][pdelgadorodriguez]
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert)][marissa-halpert]
*   Kristofer Baxter (Guest, AMP, [@kristoferbaxter][kristoferbaxter])
*   Kasiana McLenaghan (Guest, AMP TSC, [@KasianaMac][KasianaMac])
*   Jeremy Keith [(@adactio)][adactio]
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza [(@gui-poa)][gui-poa]
*   Chris Papazian (Guest, AMP TSC, [@cpapazian][cpapazian])
*   Candice Gleason [(@candice-womp)][candice-womp]
*   Sumantro Das [(@sumodas)][sumodas]
*   Jono Alderson [(@jono-alderson)][jono-alderson]
*   Joe Alicata [(@wirelessjoe)][wirelessjoe]
*   Naina Raisinghani [(@nainar)][nainar]

## **Absent:**

*   Kelsey Johnson [(@kelseyjohnson8)][kelseyjohnson8]

## **Excused:**

*   Tom Chandler [(@tpchandler)][tpchandler]
*   Senthil Padmanabhan [(@senthilp)][senthilp]
*   Eli Budelli [(@elibud)][elibud]

# **Minutes:**

*   [Approve last call's minutes.](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/178)
*   Check roster for TSC & Design Review meetings.
*   Question about the status of AMP in the OpenJSF. Growth is going away. AMP to move to At Large
*   2021 Roadmap Overview ([slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1OsIE3Aj_K4eCqPSQfPJOpRXjIqfzbg_rUovWpu0Pv-o/edit?usp=sharing)). Guest: Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar](https://github.com/nainar)), Product Manager, AMP.
    *   Brief overview of 2021 goals
    *   Perf WG to come back to the AC with server side rendering (SSR) plan.
    *   Q: Is there a plan to include AMP pages in the Chrome UX Report Data? A: Yes
        *   Resource to self test: https://amp.dev/page-experience/
        *   Please send discoverability feedback to Naina
    *   Overview of target “developer pain point” areas
    *   Infrastructure updates, including testing and status update page
    *   Q: Why would someone build a site or any components on the AMP ecosystem if they'd opt out of the AMP cache?  Put another way, why should developers/organizations build a site in AMP? A: The runtime and components provide a good amount of performance bonuses on their own without the cache. Here users can decide to opt-out of the cache, use their own CDN, etc.
    *   Q: Is it fair to say that the primary purpose of AMP now is to provide a way to accelerate developers/organizations to attain better core web vital metrics? A: This is a large part of how we think about it, yes. 
    *   Updates on accessibility. AMP is doing an audit with Tetralogical right now.
    *   Q: How do we think about the distinction between AMP and PWAs? A: Fair question. They’re addressing different things. PWAs is more targeted at deployment, AMP at the presentation layer. Both can work together.
    *   Q: Can you run through the timing of some of these projects? A: Off-cache AMP should come soon, before May 2021. A lot of the work with the CMS teams is rolling. Bento had a developer preview that went out last week.
    *   Q: How do the working groups contribute to and implement planning directives? A: it’s a bottom-up approach. Example from the Infrastructure working group. Addressing how the dev. pain points work together comes from the PM/ Eng. managers (so bottom-down). Working group facilitators also play a key role in this feedback gathering.
    *   Q: has the target user for AMP changed (example from publisher use case). Bento seems to be too much from some teams. A: We don’t think things should have to change for those users - the AMP plugins system should still work well without additional technical investment. Bento is a rewrite of existing components, making them smaller. 
    *   Q: Move to Bento AMP seems positive, but the upgrade path could be concerning. I’d like to know that I wouldn’t be penalized for _not_ upgrading if the current solution works? A: Any place developers want to “stop” is perfectly fine for us. We are not thinking about incentivizing the upgrade path.
    *   Q: Any updates on payments, is this off the roadmap? A: Functionally yes, this is not taking priority. 
*   Approve CWV Task Force [#180](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/180)
    *   We would need a facilitator for this task force. We also want to put a deadline on this for deliverables. Please go to issue #180 to volunteer and discuss async. 
    *   Kristofer will talk to the Perf. WG to find an attendee from that group
*   Check [issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[justinph]: https://github.com/justinph
[twifkak]: https://github.com/twifkak
[darobin]: https://github.com/darobin
[MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar