# **February 9, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/175](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/175)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel [(@tobie)][tobie]
*   Kenji Baheux [(@kenjibaheux)][kenjibaheux]
*   Faizan Siddiqi [(@siddiqifaizan)][siddiqifaizan]

## **Absent:**

*   Jett Jackson [(@j-tt)][j-tt]

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's minutes.
    *   Pull request was merged accidentally yesterday, but group approves the minutes.
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
    *   Tobie to ask for agenda to be added earlier.
*   2021 Roadmap Overview (slides). Guest: Naina Raisinghani (@nainar), Product Manager, AMP.
    *   Faizan on his experience as a publisher in Pakistan. AMP first then PWA/AMP hybrid.
        *   Add units really increased with PWA.
        *   Add quality related to network quality. PWA helped solve this.
        *   Suggest more PWA/AMP hybrid case studies.
        *   AMP-first solution.
        *   The whole website became PWA.
        *   Used carousel as acquisition funnel.
        *   Relied on service-worker component to install PWA.
        *   Added opt-out option for PWA for non-English websites.
        *   Average device in Pakistan was second-hand $60 app because of import duties. Essentially have three app categories on phones:
            *   Money sending app
            *   News
            *   WhatsApp
        *   As a result of storage issues, people would redownload apps all the time. So PWA became a huge competitive advantage that the publisher leveraged in TV commercials.
        *   How do we enable PWA/AMP apps in KaiOS (which are becoming common devices in Pakistan)?
*   Approve CWV Task Force #180
    *   Group feels like there are enough people on the ask force. Suggestion to add a perf WG member to the group. Added here: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/180#issuecomment-775865624](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/180#issuecomment-775865624)

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
