# **April 6, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/189](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/189)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Jett Jackson ([@j-tt][j-tt])
*   Faizan Siddiqi([@siddiqifaizan][siddiqifaizan])

## **Excused:**

*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's [minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/190).
*   Check roster for TSC meeting (no agenda yet).
*   Check roster for [Design reviews](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Type%3A+Design+Review%22) (no agenda yet).
*   Update from the TSC's last meeting.
*   Daylights savings: Tobie to email participants to see what they want to do. 
*   CWV task force update and new CWV-related Google FAQ.
*   New Long-term Vision task force ([#191](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/191)).
*   Communication strategy
    *   Poll on providing input to the project?
        *   Find someone at Google (DM DevRels on Twitter, talk to Google account manager) and get intro to the right person.
        *   Inconsistent places to find answers, but generally found answers in docs.
    *   What would be the desired way to provide input to the project?
        *   “Joining the AC was my solution”
        *   Meeting minutes are hard to find (not only the AC, but also other WGs and the TSC). Super useful to understand to understand the _why_ behind decisions.
    *   How are you getting information about the project?
        *   The whenever-ly newsletter (content is usually delayed from what the blog is providing)
        *   Roadmap feels like an update GH log
        *   All of what’s in “What’s Next” section should be consolidated.
    *   What would you like to see?
        *   Better roadmap vs. a log
    *   Does the team reach out to any of you prior to building new features?
        *   No outreach
    *   Can we upvote features we’d like to see implemented?

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
