# **February 23, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/182](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/182)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Faizan Siddiqi ([@siddiqifaizan][siddiqifaizan])

## **Absent:**

*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Jett Jackson ([@j-tt][j-tt])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's minutes.
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
*   Presentation and discussion about OpenJSF strategic efforts this year, in particular related to standards work. The Foundation wants to share some of the ideas the Standards Working Group is considering, and get the AC's input on other strategic programs being discussed.
*   CWV Task force: scheduled first meeting
*   Acknowledge resignation from [@candice-womp](https://github.com/candice-womp), and review _interim_ member candidature. _Note this section is for AC members only, due to privacy considerations._
    *   OK
*   Marketing focused task force - problem statement: how can I hire/train new developers who know AMP and PWA.
    *   Organize events
    *   Centralize AMP resources
    *   Non traditional / out of the box AMP usage (breaking away from convention, interesting to understand how others solve local challenges, learn from them, and potential for application in different areas).
    *   Community of people solving unconventional challenges.
*   KaiOS - 5 million users in Pakistan. Can we make AMP work on those?

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux