# **March 8, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/184](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/184)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Chris Papazian (Guest, AMP TSC, [@cpapazian][cpapazian])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Eli Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Kasiana McLenaghan (Guest, AMP TSC, [@KasianaMac][KasianaMac])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Kristofer Baxter (Guest, AMP, [@kristoferbaxter][kristoferbaxter])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Absent:**

*   

## **Excused:**

*   

# **Minutes:**

*   [Approve last call's minutes.](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/186)
*   Check roster for TSC & Design Review meetings
    *   New TSC meetings for March not yet posted; 
    *   March 17 - Design review [https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/33109](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/33109)
    *   March 10 - Design review https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/33110
*   Establishing additional task forces 
    *   Search placement/CWV led by Kelsey kicked off
    *   Additional task force areas?
        *   To what extent do we want to make “helping offboard publishers” part of our remit?
        *   Other performance related issues (outside of search) were cited (see issues list); are these still relevant?
            *   Focus on some concrete questions about perf/CWV could be good approach
            *   AMP as a framework optimized for CWV - we need proof that this is accurate
                *   Page performance vs. Web Vitals vs. Core Web Vitals
        *   AMP as a turn-key experience for smaller publishers
            *   Possibly too early to explore; underway to a certain extent within Wordpress community
        *   Tighter collaboration with AMP engineers. Process to drive input via TSC lightly used. Is this still a good framework for involvement? Should we work on a new system?
            *   Features of different constituencies - NYT vs a smaller publisher - may help determine how we answer this question
            *   Point about the scope of the Mission/Vision of project being perhaps too broad to be able to focus on best supporting one constituency or another
                *   Large publishers currently not well served
            *   Can we collect problems/gaps that the different constituencies are having and transmitting them to the AMP engineering team (how). 
            *   How/can we make working groups more open to direct input from constituencies (as opposed to the multi-step ‘telephone’ game we use today)
            *   Point about the AMP Components vs. the rulesets - AMP as a polyfill. 
                *   Task Force Identified: Kasiana, Kristofer, Naina, Jono, Tobie
    *   What is the revised/better informed vision (outcomes) for AMP today? Is it time to revisit this?
        *   What KPIs would we want to know about AMP - e.g. “was 2021 a good year for AMP?”
            *   Interested: Sumo, Jeremy, Senthil
            *   This also relates to the above point about how we could be better connected
            *   Action: Sumo to file issue to capture

*   Check [issue board](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/projects/2).

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[justinph]: https://github.com/justinph
[twifkak]: https://github.com/twifkak
[darobin]: https://github.com/darobin
[MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar