# **April 5, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/189](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/189)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Eli Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Michael Chun ([@michaelwomple][michaelwomple])
*   Madison Miner ([@madisonminer][madisonminer])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Kasiana  McLenaghan (Guest, AMP TSC, [@KasianaMac][KasianaMac])
*   David Strauss (Guest, AMP TSC, [@DavidStrauss][DavidStrauss])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Chris Papazian (Guest, AMP TSC, [@cpapazian][cpapazian])

## **Excused:**

*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Absent:**

*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])

# **Minutes:**

*   Approve last call's [minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/190).
    *   Attendance was not fully taken; please confirm your attendance at the last meeting to confirm.
*   Check roster for TSC meeting (no agenda yet).
    *   There is a meeting this week (Wednesday) - Tobie will attend, all are welcome
*   Check roster for [Design reviews](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Type%3A+Design+Review%22) (no agenda yet).
    *   All meetings for April are set
*   Update from the TSC's last meeting.
    *   Dependency funds (Funding AMP’s dependencies)
        *   This conversation will likely continue at Wednesday’s session
    *   More clearly acknowledge the separation between AMP and Google products (once the CWV task forces closes)
        *   Rationale is to make sure conversations that should reach a broader audience aren’t circumscribed to the AC.
*   CWV task force update and new CWV-related Google FAQ.
    *   Outcome of the task force is delayed another ~2 weeks
    *   Updates sent out to email list
    *   Many questions addressed in new FAQ 
    *   Concern from the task force facilitator that not all questions are answered yet - we do not want to see the issues languish
    *   Reach out to Kelsey to join the CWV task force discussions.
*   New Long-term Vision task force ([#191](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/191)).
    *   Description?
    *   Deliverables?
    *   Facilitator
    *   Note that interested parties were not available to hold a full discussion on this topic and we will cover it again in 2 weeks.
*   Communication strategy
    *   Poll on input / output that exist
        *   #using-amp slack channel - throws it out into the universe and often an engineer starts an email thread
        *   Sometimes there isn’t a response
        *   AMP dev advocates - direct person to go to is most valuable as Slack is not always useful for getting a response. Dev. Rel is inbetween solution.
        *   LinkedIn to find the right person to talk to
        *   Dm’ing project leaders
        *   Scalability of direct connections as an issue
        *   Occasional direct outreach from AMP/Google Dev Rel
        *   GH issues - works eventually but takes a lot of effort/followup 
        *   SO could be useful, but needs are often too cutting edge for this group’s constituency
    *   Poll on input / output that you would like to see
        *   How do the AMP engineers think/want people to connect? Big disconnect (Optimizely example). 
        *   Changes often take 2-3 weeks; does not appear easy. Documentation does not correctly reflect what’s possible. Should describe what the correct escalation path is.
        *   Accountability for AMP project decisions vs. Product decisions (lines are muddled and accountability may be as well).
        *   Need some dev advocacy - can’t for example always put out sample code in public. 
        *   How do issues get flagged to the right person - tell “us” how and track them through the flow
        *   Release notes - where are the human readable summaries of these?
        *   Newsletters 
        *   Do you want to get this on to PM’s roadmap - what you do for an Eng roadmap seems different from a PM’s roadmap (contextual explanations)
        *   Roadmap previews - quarterly? Could be useful if timing were more acute.
        *   How do we keep up to date with things happening in AMP?
            *   One example - one AC rep is sort of the default AMP person at their company 
            *   “Stuff happens, then reactively you figure it out” - hard to find ways to be notified. Have to go looking because the “so what” is hard to determine. Usually a dev is looking for something and surfaces the info to people. 
    *   Communication often flagged as an issue. How are we providing the project with info, how would we like to see that work, and how the project is doing outreach to get or provide information.
    *   Possibly create a task force? 
    *   Does the team reach out to any of you prior to building new features?
        *   No
    *   Part of this goes back to clarity around who AMP is trying to serve - disparity between constituencies and how to serve them
        *   Need affirmative decisions
        *   David/Kasiana identify tension in “serving users”
        *   Task force will take up this conversation to structure it and bring it to the AC for further discussion

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[justinph]: https://github.com/justinph
[twifkak]: https://github.com/twifkak
[darobin]: https://github.com/darobin
[MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[michaelwomple]: https://github.com/michaelwomple