# June 14, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/196](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/196)

Facilitator: [@tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom]

## Attendees:

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert])
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie])
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp])
*   Michael Chun ([@michaelwomple])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp])
*   Leonie Watson ([@LJWatson]) 

## Excused:

*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe])
*   Joey Rozier ([@mrjoro])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas])

## Absent:

*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler])

# Minutes

*   Approve minutes for last two meetings ([#199](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/199), [#200](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/200)).
*   Check roster for [TSC meeting](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-tsc/labels/TSC%20Meeting).
    *   No topics as of now.
*   Check roster for [Design reviews](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/labels/Type%3A%20Design%20Review).
    *   Next Design review meeting is June 16 (EU friendly time); also no topics as of now.
    *   No one was able to attend the last meeting which covered some deprecated components.
*   Formalizing the Long-term vision TF ([#191](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/191)).
    *   TF solidified its scope, deliverables, and end date. The AC retroactively approves its creation.
    *   TF is planning to come back to the AC with a report to be discussed during the AC’s next meeting (June 28). Plan is to turn it into a joint session with the TSC.
*   Accessibility update. Guest: [@LJWatson](https://github.com/LJWatson)
    *   Relevant issue: [#62](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/62)
    *   [@LJWatson](https://github.com/LJWatson) provided overview of the accessibility work her firm,Tetralogical, has done and has planned.
        *   Accessibility audit of a selection of AMP components against WCAG 2.1
        *   [Issues](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/created_by/tetralogicalhelpdesk) filed against main repo
        *   Reviewing and updating documentation. Found opportunities to add accessibility into the documentation, advice, and contributing to AMP sections. 
        *   Decided to blend accessibility documentation with main documentation so as not to silo accessibility concerns.
        *   30-40 components have been improved so far. 
        *   Similar work on AMP Stories following the same approach.
        *   Upcoming project focuses on another 16 components.
    *   Tetralogical is not tracking the completion of the issues.
    *   Currently 17 issues closed, 54 still open.
    *   How big are these issues? Complexity is hard to evaluate from the perspective of accessibility experts who aren’t necessarily familiar with the code base.
    *   Need more AMP community to “pull with equal energy” to review and approve PRs in a timely fashion.
    *   Possible ways the AC can help:
        *   Accessibility drive during AMP Contributor Summit
        *   Discuss options with OpenJSF
        *   Event where AMP devs pair with accessibility experts using zoom breakouts (very successful and fun according to [@LJWatson])
    *   Assessed progress made against [issue #62](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/62) and updated it accordingly.
    *   Next steps
        *   AMP blog post on the accessibility effort ([@tobie] to coordinate with [@LJWatson](https://github.com/LJWatson) and Outreach WG).
        *   [@tobie] to check whether documentation contains recommendations re browser/assistive tech combos.

[@wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[@sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[@senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[@elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[@gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[@pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[@marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[@candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[@jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[@baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[@kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[@adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[@tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[@tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[@michaelwomple]: https://github.com/michaelwomple

[@DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[@cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[@dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[@rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[@KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[@mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro

[@kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[@nainar]: https://github.com/nainar

[@jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[@MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[@LJWatson]: https://github.com/LJWatson
