# **January 25, 2021**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/171](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/171)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Rudy Galfi ([@rudygalfi][rudygalfi], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Michael Buettner (Guest, Chrome)
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Madison Miner (Guest, WompMobile)
*   Kristofer Baxter ([@kristoferbaxter][kristoferbaxter], Guest, AMP)
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Kasiana McLenaghan ([@KasianaMac][KasianaMac], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Justin Heideman ([@justinph][justinph], Guest, NYT)
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Eli Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Devin Mullins ([@twifkak][twifkak], Guest, AMP)
*   David Strauss ([@DavidStrauss][DavidStrauss], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Chris Papazian ([@cpapazian][cpapazian], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Candice Gleason ([@candice-womp][candice-womp])
*   Robin Berjon ([@darobin][darobin], Guest, NYT)
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Excused:**

*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])

# **Minutes:**

*   TSC & Design Review Meetings
    *   Let Jory know if you would like to attend Wednesday’s Design review meeting
    *   TSC review will be cancelled in favor of attending Design Meeting (conflict occurs every 6 weeks)
*   See Minutes from last meeting - approve PR once you’ve reviewed
*   Recording today’s presentations for sharing with the EMEA/APAC meeting. Not for historical archiving.
*   Presentation - Robin Berjon & Justin Heideman on the CAT proposal
    *   Discussion of proposal to remove AMP Caches
      * For certain publishers, removing AMP caches is necessary for a broader diversity of content to exist and for fair competition in search engine placement.
      * Some smaller players see AMP caches as a welcome addition to speed-up their content and don't really have issues with them. 
    *   CAT Next steps - more discussions and input with stakeholders. Forward path TBD in discussion with others.
    *   Perhaps useful to break this into categories for requirements gathering?
    *   AC could be helpful by clarifying and documenting the distinction between the different components of AMP (open source project and the related products, e.g. the AMP Caches), and clarify stakeholders/problem/opportunity areas within each.
*   David - Can we dive into Core Web Vitals details? Issues seem to overlap a lot.
    *   Tobie - plan to establish a group of AC members to focus on the issue. Also ties into 2021 roadmap to be discussed in next meeting.
    *   Core Web Vitals are designed to reflect what happens in the real world and not a specific implementation detail
        *   Questions exist around how caching does or doesn't favor certain content
*   AC - Focused Topic Group areas
    *   PR for an issue template to drive lightweight process for subcommittee discussions: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/176](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/176)
    *   Call for participants in the Core Web Vitals Subcommittee - committees are open to non-AC 
*   Aside - Infra WG to look into renaming main branch of `amphtml` repo. Other repos done already. Blocked by third party services on `amphtml`. Julie to open an issue for us to track this.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[justinph]: https://github.com/justinph
[twifkak]: https://github.com/twifkak
[darobin]: https://github.com/darobin
