# May 18, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/194](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/194)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## Attendees:

*   Tobie Langel [(@tobie)][tobie]
*   Faizan Siddiqi [(@siddiqifaizan)][siddiqifaizan]
*   Kenji Baheux [(@kenjibaheux)][kenjibaheux]

## Absent:

  *   Jett Jackson [(@j-tt)][j-tt]

# Minutes

*   Approve last call's minutes.
    *   Delayed as minutes werenâ€™t ready
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
    *   Proposal to deprecate about a third of AMP components [https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/34217](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/34217)
*   Long term vision TF update
*   AMP as a format (DML presentation and discussion)
    
[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
