# **January 28, 2021 (EMEA/APAC)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/172](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/172)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Faizan Siddiqi([@siddiqifaizan][siddiqifaizan])
*   Jett Jackson ([@j-tt][j-tt])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's minutes.
    *   Approved
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
    *   Todo: Tobie to get agendas organized in advance.
*   Add subcommittees process to workmode ([#176](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/176))
    *   General agreement. "Task force" suggested as name.
*   Discuss creation of CWV-focused subcommittee.
    *   Enough people already.
*   Presentation and discussion of the [Content Aggregation Technology (CAT)](https://nytimes.github.io/std-cat/)
    *   Mention again how a good explainer/infographic about the structure and architecture of the AMP project, its governance, key stakeholders (foundation, caches), etc., would be extremely useful.
    *   Faizan confirms that AMP definitely helped acquisition for the news providers he mentioned last meeting. Unclear whether cache perf contributed to this or if it was only additional AMP-generated search traffic.
    *   Proxy-based prefetching: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/12/continuing-our-journey-to-bring-instant.html

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
