
# **January 11, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/171](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/171)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@jorydotcom][jorydotcom]

## **Attendees:**

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Candice Gleason ([@candice-womp][candice-womp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Kasiana McLenaghan ([@KasianaMac][KasianaMac], Guest)

## **Excused:**

*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])

# **Minutes**

*   Housekeeping
    *   [Approve last call's minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/168).
    *   Check roster for TSC meeting.
        *   13 Jan 2021 @ 20:00 UTC
    *   Check roster for Design reviews.
        *   None
    *   EMEA/APAC meeting scheduled!
        *   12 January - we will keep separate notes
        *   All are welcome to attend both or either meeting
*   Opening remarks
*   [@edent](https://github.com/edent) resignation ([#170](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/170))
    *   Find new champion(s) for [Standards focus](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/162).
        *   Kelsey, Jeremy interested in championing this year
*   Follow-through on last year's focus on accessibility (see [#62](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/62)).
*   Discussion: bringing AMP improvements to standards and asking to sunset AMP caches (see [comment](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/171#issuecomment-757005803)).
    *   With the improvement of web frameworks and the additional capabilities of key constituents such as publishers, this is an opportune moment to evaluate the key benefits of AMP and better incorporate them into the web platform. Ideas from Kelsey:
        *   As an AC, we can have a viewpoint / proposal to publish & share
        *   Brainstorming session around the concrete list of benefits we think can be brought to the platform
            *   Pablo reminds of the perf benefits for low-connectivity users that they experienced at El Pais
        *   Core Web Vitals as a ranking factor / threshold which helps the migration path.
            *   critical for publishers to understand more about the Core Web Vitals rollout to be able to set roadmaps. 
            *   ACTION: Invite Rudy to come share their thoughts / information around thresholds
    *   Disambiguation between the format and the collection of web components; there is a degree of education and support for the groups who are publishing but do not have the technical capabilities. Maintenance of both is a burden.
    *   New Feature policy seems to be a great direction; this new standard partly driven from AMP. TSC began to keep a document of this and similar standards work that have been inspired / informed by AMP. Could be a good starting point (see [https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/blob/42f449cd3bd15c1ca56bc2a0a8a3f62a7cebb0cf/contributing/web-standards-related-to-amp.md](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/blob/42f449cd3bd15c1ca56bc2a0a8a3f62a7cebb0cf/contributing/web-standards-related-to-amp.md))
    *   Discussion about graceful deprecation; moving key innovations out into the standard and deprecating per a sensible lifecycle. jQuery, other projects are informative
*   Update about next meeting (CAT presentation by [@darobin](https://github.com/darobin) and [@justinph](https://github.com/justinph), see [#172](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/172) for details). Highly recommended to review the materials on #172 prior to the next meeting.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[edent]: https://github.com/edent
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux