# May 3, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/194](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/194)

Facilitator: @tobie

Scribe: @jorydotcom

## Attendees:

*   Tobie Langel ([@tobie][tobie])
*   Naina Raisinghani (Guest, AMP)
*   Elisa Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@gui-poa][gui-poa])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Kristofer Baxter (Guest, AMP)
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Joey Rozier ([@mrjoro][mrjoro])

## Excused:

*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])

## Absent:

*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Michael Chun ([@michaelwomple][michaelwomple])

# Minutes

*   Approve last call's minutes.
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for Design reviews.
    * Supporting Experiment Control
	  * Analytics in AMP - session windows   
*   AMP Developer Survey Report. Guest: Naina Raisinghani ([@nainar][nainar])
    * Goal of the survey was to better understand the developer experience of AMP. Longitudinal understanding - what are the common dev environments, how satisfied are they using AMP, what do they see the benefits/hindrances of AMP, etc.
*   CWV Task Force Report ([#180](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/180)) ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
    * TF reported on consensus to close the TF following the release of Google's updated FAQ.    
*   Report that ([ampproject/amphtml#32195](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/issues/32195)) has been completed.
*   Other business:
    *  Discussion about measuring AMP's success. Suggestion to move it to the Long-term Vision TF first, and eventually create a joint session with the TSC following that.

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[gui-poa]: https://github.com/gui-poa
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[michaelwomple]: https://github.com/michaelwomple
