# **March 22, 2021 (Americas/EMEA)**

Agenda: [https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/185](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/185)

Facilitator: [@tobie][tobie]

Scribe: [@tobie][tobie]


## **Attendees:**

*   Chris Papazian (Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Pablo Delgado ([@pdelgadorodriguez][pdelgadorodriguez])
*   Eli Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Guilherme Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])
*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Kelsey Johnson ([@kelseyjohnson8][kelseyjohnson8])
*   Kristofer Baxter (Guest, AMP)
*   Tom Chandler ([@tpchandler][tpchandler])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])
*   Michael Chun ([@michaelwomple][michaelwomple])

## **Excused:**

*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Marissa Halpert ([@marissa-halpert][marissa-halpert])

# **Minutes:**

*   Welcome new _interim_ member Michael Chun (@michaelwomple).
*   Approve last call's [minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/187).
*   Check roster for TSC meeting.
*   Check roster for [Design reviews](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/labels/Type%3A%20Design%20Review).
*   Organize next meetings wrt daylight savings
    *   Agree to move forward anchoring on daylight savings
*   CWV TF requested a delay to report its findings to the AC.
*   Continue breaking down 2021 focus into task forces:
    *   [#162](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/162) – Standards
    *   [#163](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/163) – Marketing
        *   Growth plan vs communication plan with existing community
        *   Growth plan needs output of long term vision first
        *   Com plan can be done in parallel
    *   [#164](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/164) – Privacy
        *   A new dedicated component exists, few people seemed to have heard about it.
        *   Communication issue again.
        *   Invite outreach group
    *   [#165](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/165) – Core Web Vitals
        *   [#180](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/180) – CWV Task Force
    *   [#166](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/166) – AMP & Search
        *   Communication issue again + CWV Task Force
    *   Other
        *   Long term vision for AMP. See also [#166 (comment)](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/issues/166#issuecomment-745219493).
            *   Sumo, Senthil, Jono, Jeremy
        *   Better channeling of inputs within the project

[tobie]: https://github.com/tobie
[wirelessjoe]: https://github.com/wirelessjoe
[sumodas]: https://github.com/sumodas
[senthilp]: https://github.com/senthilp
[elibud]: https://github.com/elibud
[mobtec]: https://github.com/mobtec
[pdelgadorodriguez]: https://github.com/pdelgadorodriguez
[marissa-halpert]: https://github.com/marissa-halpert
[candice-womp]: https://github.com/candice-womp
[jono-alderson]: https://github.com/jono-alderson
[baconjulie]: https://github.com/baconjulie
[kelseyjohnson8]: https://github.com/kelseyjohnson8]
[adactio]: https://github.com/adactio
[mrjoro]: https://github.com/mrjoro
[jorydotcom]: https://github.com/jorydotcom
[DavidStrauss]: https://github.com/DavidStrauss
[cpapazian]: https://github.com/cpapazian
[dvoytenko]: https://github.com/dvoytenko
[rudygalfi]: https://github.com/rudygalfi
[KasianaMac]: https://github.com/KasianaMac
[jeffjose]: https://github.com/jeffjose
[tpchandler]: https://github.com/tpchandler
[j-tt]: https://github.com/j-tt
[SiddiqiFaizan]: https://github.com/SiddiqiFaizan
[kenjibaheux]: https://github.com/kenjibaheux
[kristoferbaxter]: https://github.com/kristoferbaxter
[justinph]: https://github.com/justinph
[twifkak]: https://github.com/twifkak
[darobin]: https://github.com/darobin
[MadisonMiner]: https://github.com/MadisonMiner
[nainar]: https://github.com/nainar
[michaelwomple]: https://github.com/michaelwomple
